Prime  Minister  Boris  Johnson  has  urged  Britons  to  'summon  the  discipline  and  the  resolve'  to  avoid  a  second  national  lockdown  
Global  coronavirus  deaths  exceed  800000  
The  US  has  the  highest  number  of  deaths  in  the  world  as  it  passes  a  grim  200000  milestone  according  to  data  from  Johns  Hopkins  University  
Many  more  cities  and  states  will  start  requiring  face  masks  and  coverings.  Make  sure  you  and  your  loved  ones  are  prepared.  via  
Japan  commits  Rs  3500  crore  (approx.)  as  Official  Development  Assistance  for  health  sector  to  fight  the  crisis  in  India.  Read  Details:  
doctors  and  nurses  in  medical  uniforms  lying  on  the  floor  of  a  hospital  in  Italy
COVID-19:  Man  Insisting  That  He  Will  'Die  Looking  Good'  
There  are  37  people  isolating  in  the  Auckland  quarantine  facility  from  the  community  which  includes  17  people  who  have  tested  positive  for  COVID-19  and  their  household  contacts.
Florida  also  had  a  major  problem  with  a  case  backlog  in  Miami  which  added  4000  cases  to  the  state's  totals.  
Indian  business  tycoon  Ratan  Tata  said  the  Year  2020  is  the  year  of  survival.
Our  4  pm  update  is  published.  The  US  has  now  completed  tests  on  at  least  227365  people  up  44560  from  yesterday's  total.  Note  that  we  can  only  track  tests  that  a  state  reports  (for  now).  And  not  all  states  report  all  negative  tests.  For  details  see:  
India's  recovery  rate  improves  to  77.15%  as  on  September  04  2020  Steady  improvement  in  India's  COVID-19  recovery  rate  since  initiation  on  March  25  2020  Via  
can  spread  from  people  to  animals  through  close  contact.  Take  steps  to  keep  your  pet  safe  from  
Brazil's  President  Jair  Bolsonaro  tests  positive  for  COVID-19.  Brazil  has  1.6M  confirmed  cases  and  over  65K  deaths  from  the  virus.  
There  are  currently  5542  people  in  managed  isolation  and  quarantine.  Our  current  effective  capacity  is  7103.  This  gives  us  an  excess  capacity  of  1561.  Over  the  next  week  we  are  projecting  3067  arrivals  and  2868  departures  from  our  facilities.
We  must  continue  to  help  slow  the  spread  of  for  ourselves  our  loved  ones  and  our  future.  Do  your  part  and:
Some  150  foreigners  attended  Sadhguru's  event  in  March  which  has  led  to  over  1000  coronavirus  cases  in  Tamil  Nadu  India.  The  foreigners  are  quarantined  at  Isha  Yoga  Center.
Interconnectedness  is  a  strength  but  also  a  weakness  when  it  comes  to  the  spread  of  disease.  ACT-Accelerator  brings  c
Five  States  of  Maharashtra  Karnataka  Andhra  Pradesh  Uttar  Pradesh  and  Tamil  Nadu  contribute  61%  of  the  total  active  cases.  The  total  number  of  active  cases  in  the  country  stands  at  897394  as  on  date.  
Waterford  Mother  Wont  Be  Getting  That  Covid  Vaccine,  Thats  For  Sure  
India  witnesses  an  Unprecedented  Surge  in  Daily  Testing.  More  than  11.7  lakh  tests  conducted  in  the  last  24  hrs.  More  than  4.5  cr  Total  Tests  conducted.  
TV  Globo  used  images  of  a  collective  funeral  for  the  victims  of  a  shipwreck  in  Lampedusa  in  2013  to  illustrate  a  story  about  deaths  by  COVID-19  in  Italy.
As  on  9th  July  2020  a  total  of  283659  samples  were  tested  for  
More  than  2.68  crore  samples  tested  as  on  today.  Tests  Per  Million  (TPM)  jumps  to  19453.
This  weeks  COVIDView  reports  early  indications  that  levels  of  illnesses  while  still  low  may  be  increasing  slightly  in  parts  of  the  United  States.  Hospitalization  rates  and  deaths  are  still  trending  down.  Learn  more:  
A  Russian  drug  called  Arbidol  cures  coronavirus.
COVAX  is  a  groundbreaking  way  to  pool  R&amp;D  &amp;  procurement  risks  across  multiple  vaccines.  It  enables  countries  to  place  collect
On  the  other  end  of  the  country  South  Carolina  is  showing  a  clear  trend  of  increasing  numbers  of  COVID  deaths.  
I've  always  known  this  is  a  real  this  is  a  pandemic.  I've  felt  it  was  a  pandemic  long  before  it  was  called  a  pandemic.
People  are  offering  prayers  in  groups  on  rooftops  despite  lockdown.  That  too  when  cases  of  coronavirus  in  India  are  continuously  increasing.
Says  China  "stole  Coronavirus  from  Canada  and  weaponized  it  into  a  Bioweapon."
India's  AYUSH  Ministry  has  certified  Coronil  medicine.
The  most  up  to  date  data  in  Victoria  for  2020  was  consistent  with  that  for  2019  despite  concerns  due  to  However  the  numbers  remain  troubling  according  to  Vic's  state  coroner  and  don't  mitigate  the  fact  that  there's  been  an  increase  in  calls  to  mental  health  services
Local  Woman  Informs  Kids  That  Mothers  Day  Is  Going  Ahead  Despite  Coronavirus  
Video  of  a  doctor  fainted  on  the  floor  after  getting  infected  with  coronavirus.
API  users  beware:  there  is  a  major  caveat  in  the  testing  data  today  as  North  Carolina  removed  220k  tests  from  its  cumulative  numbers.  
A  game  changer  for  COVID  testing  Abbott  Labs'  is  working  on  a  $5  antigen  test  that  delivers  results  in  15  minutes.  Their  BinaxNOW  card  &amp;  app  will  provide  negative  testers  with  a  date-stamped  health  pass  that  is  renewed  each  time  they  test.  
While  the  increase  was  broad10  states  reported  more  than  10k  testsa  few  states  reported  unusually  high  numbers  suggesting  they  reported  several  days  worth  of  negative  tests  today.  AZ  e.g.  normally  reports  3-4k  tests.  They  reported  19k  tests  and  fewer  positives  than  normal.
hands  over  29  Ventilators  PPEs  30000  Hydroxychloroquine  tablets  &amp;  other  protective  equipment  to  in  fight  against  
A  viral  image  of  a  doctor  who  died  from  treating  patients  with  coronavirus  at  the  Llano  de  Corrientes  Hospital  Argentina.
We  have  recorded  85  close  contacts  from  the  charter  flight  from  Christchurch  to  Auckland.  Of  those  29  have  been  tested.  These  include  the  people  closest  to  the  person  on  the  flight.  28  have  returned  a  negative  result.
Progress  on  immunization  coverage  was  stalling  before  hit  at  85%  for  diphtheria  tetanus  and  pertussis  (DTP3)  and  measle
Says  Italian  Prime  Minister  Giuseppe  Conte  said,  We  have  lost  control,  we  have  killed  the  epidemic  physically  and  mentally.  Cant  understand  what  more  we  can  do,  all  solutions  are  exhausted  on  ground.  Our  only  hope  remains  up  in  the  Sky,  God  rescue  your  people.
59  people  die  as  pastor  gives  them  dettol  to  drink  in  church  to  prevent  coronavirus.
Observing  physical  distance  reduces  the  risk  of  contact  with  droplets  when  an  infected  person  sneezes/coughs.  to  reduce  the  risk  of  spread  by:  Wearing  a  face  mask  Observing  physical  distance  Washing  your  hands  frequently  
There  is  a  US  patent  for  the  novel  coronavirus  and  a  European  one  for  a  vaccine  to  prevent  it
Women  who  become  mothers  during  are  likely  to  have  higher  anxiety  levels.  
Health  Departments:  Have  you  seen  CDCs  Contact  Tracing  Communications  Toolkit  for  Check  it  out  for  resources  and  messaging  to  use  in  your  communities:  
Acc  to  revised  guidelines  elderly  patients  aged  &gt;60  yrs  &amp;  those  with  co-morbid  conditions  such  as  Hypertension  Diabetes  Heart  disease  etc.  shall  only  be  allowed  home  after  proper  evaluation  by  the  treating  medical  officer...  (1/3)  
Coronavirus  curfew:  Pubs  and  restaurants  will  be  forced  to  shut  at  10pm  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Weve  now  tracked  7.5  million  tests  up  260k  from  yesterday.  Note  that  we  can  only  track  tests  that  a  state  reports.  For  details  see:  
The  roll-out  of  5G  is  causing  coronavirus  or  coronavirus-like  symptoms.
We  are  delighted  that  78  high-  and  upper-middle  countries  and  economies  have  now  confirmed  they  will  participate  in  the  COVAX  Facility  and  the  number  is  growing.  I  urge  those  who  have  not  yet  joined  to  do  so  by  the  18th  of  September-
2nd  week  of  Jan  had  mapped  the  genome  &amp;  shared  it  with  WHO  &amp;  with  wider  .  We  rapidly  published  a  how  toon  building  a  PCR  test  for  from  our  partner  lab  in  .  In  the  3rd  week  WHO  identified  &amp;  began  contracting  for  validated  production  of  these  tests-
With  neither  free  coffee  nor  company-branded  tchotchkes  online  medical  meetings  may  have  virtual  tumbleweeds  blowing  through  says  
HHS  to  distribute  $4  billion  to  hot  spots;  $340  million  already  paid  out.  
There  are  59  positive  coronavirus  cases  in  Nagpur  along  with  three  doctors  one  of  whom  is  on  ventilator.
195  new  cases  of  reported;  80-Lagos  38-Kano  15-Ogun  15-Bauchi  11-Borno  10-Gombe  9-Sokoto  5-Edo  5-Jigawa  2-Zamfara  1-Rivers  1-Enugu  1-Delta  1-FCT  1-Nasarawa  As  at  11:50pm  28th  April-  1532  confirmed  cases  of  reported  in  Nigeria.  Discharged:  255  Deaths:  44  
Coronavirus:  Only  one  in  10  to  be  protected  from  COVID-19  in  first  year  of  vaccine  use  
Since  August  11  our  contact  tracing  team  has  identified  3779  close  contacts  of  cases  of  which  3772  have  been  contacted  and  are  self-isolating  and  we  are  in  the  process  of  contacting  the  rest.
Says  if  you  donate  blood,  they  HAVE  to  test  youfor  coronavirus.
There  are  no  additional  deaths  to  report.6113  tests  were  processed  yesterday.  The  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  is  243838.Kiwis  are  encouraged  to  get  their  flu  vaccine  as  its  starting  to  get  colder.
Says  news  stories  referencing  322  and  COVID-19  are  proof  cases  are  being  synchronized
BREAKING!  Families  of  NHS  workers  who  die  of  covid-19  to  be  offered  60k  compensation  or  a  couple  of  thousand  sets  of  PPE  that  we'll  have  by  then
Photo  shows  crowd  at  anti-coronavirus  lockdown  rally  in  Berlin
Mumbai  policewoman  felt  dizzy  and  fell  down  as  she  tested  positive  for  COVID-19.
Its  more  about:  who  does  the  health  care  system  serve  the  best  and  who  does  it  serve  the  worst?  Thats  not  about  race  its  about  systemic  racism.  And  the  evidence  on  health  inequities  is  irrefutable.  -
Latest  update  from  the  Ministry  of  Health:For  the  seventh  day  in  a  row  there  are  no  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  New  Zealand.Our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  remains  at  1154  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  World  Health  Organization.
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Weve  tracked  a  total  of  1149960  tests  up  ~100k  from  yesterday.  Note  that  we  can  only  track  tests  that  a  state  reports.  And  not  all  states  report  all  negative  tests.  For  details  see:  
First  Minister  of  Scotland  Nicola  Sturgeon  announces  she  will  introduce  similar  measures  for  hospitality  as  in  England  but  said  the  chief  medical  officer  said  that  alone  is  not  enough  to  "bring  the  R  rate  down".  Updates  on  latest  restrictions:  
Evidence  of  immunoglobulin  antibodies  in  3  case  series  patients  with  severe  COVID-19  and  encephalitis.  
In  an  Aaj  Tak  news  report,  the  Chinese  prime  minister  said,  "Reading  Quran  and  offering  namaz  is  the  only  cure  for  COVID-19."
.has  claimed  that  the  U.S.  has  "one  of  the  lowest  mortality  rates  in  the  worldfrom  COVID-19.  That's  False.  
A  study  on  the  CV  risk  of  hydroxychloroquine  +  azithromycin  in  rheumatoid  arthritis  has  been  added  to  this  clinical  reference.  
Foreign  Secretary  Dominic  Raab  joins  this  morning  to  discuss  the  latest  restrictions  announced  by  the  prime  minister.  7:05am  Sky  501  /  Freeview  233  Watch  live  
As  of  today  district  has  the  highest  number  of  active  cases  (1341)  in  the  state  followed  by  (1008)  and  (972).  
cientists  have  found  a  cure  for  coronavirus  and  that  it  is  the  drinking  of  bitter  gourd  juice  causing  the  virus  to  fade  away  in  two  hours  is  making  rounds  on  social  media.
Risk  appears  to  be  greater  in  men  with  severe  obesity  than  women.  
So  Paulo  city  hall  schedules  coronavirus  tests  by  phone.
Protect  yourself  and  others  from  when  using  public  transportation.  Practice  social  distancing  avoid  touching  sur
The  number  of  people  in  the  UK  who  have  tested  positive  for  has  increased  by  3330  official  figures  show  
What  is  the  full  form  of  Who  names  these  diseases?  How  are  they  named?  
COVID-19  is  Airborne.
A  photo  of  and  mingling  without  masks  has  sparked  outrage  online  but  it  was  taken  back  in  March  before  COVID-19  emerged  in  Michigan.  
I  wrote  for  about  the  viral  working  paper  that  estimated  that  266796  COVID-19  cases  could  be  linked  to  the
India  Tracker  (As  on  13  September  2020  08:00  AM)  Confirmed  cases:  4754356  Recovered:  3702595  (77.9%)Active  cases:  973175  (20.5%)  Deaths:  78586  (1.7%)  Via  
On  the  left  we  see  the  hotspots  we've  been  tracking  for  weeks.  On  the  right  southern  states  that  may  be  following  behind  themcases  have  quadrupled  since  June  1.  
About  one  in  three  adults  used  household  cleaners  and  disinfectants  unsafely  to  prevent  such  as  using  bleach  on  food  products  and  improperly  using  household  cleaners  and  disinfectants  on  hands  or  skin.  Read  more  in  
In  India  they  are  prescribing  antihistamines  daily  as  part  of  their  routine  prescriptions  for  home  management  of  mild  covid.
UPDATE  Two  new  labs  have  been  activated  for  testing  at:  1.  DNA  Lab  a  private  sector  lab  in  Kaduna  2.  Teaching  Hospital  Maiduguri  This  brings  the  number  of  COVID-19  testing  labs  in  Nigeria  to  13  In  progress-  Sokoto  &amp;  Port  Harcourt  
We  have  a  president  more  interested  in  beating  people  at  golf  than  beating  COVID-19.
PREVENTIVE  ACTION  FOR  CORONAVIRUS.    
An  audio  clip  suggests  that  the  WHO  has  advised  a  lockdown.
This  is  the  state  of  things  now.  (Note  that  OR  KS  KY  LA  PA  NH  and  RI  did  not  report  any  new  cases  today.)  
Thankful  to  Montana  business  leaders  stepping  up  to  keep  us  safe.  "If  strict  stay-at-home  protocols  are  followed  for  the  next  three  months  the  model  shows  a  peak  June  15  with  59  hospitalizations."  via  
Ramakrishna  Hospital  is  sealed  after  its  staff  tested  Covid-19  positive.
Now,  Donald  Trump  announced  that  Roche  Medical  Company  will  launch  the  vaccine  next  Sunday  and  millions  of  doses  are  ready  for  it..  The  end  of  the  play.  
Bill  Gates  admits  his  COVID-19  vaccine  might  kill  nearly  1  million  people.
Nasser  Ziberi  tested  positive  for  COVID-19
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Weve  now  tracked  19.2  million  tests  up  551k  (!)  from  yesterday  a  new  daily  high.  There  are  some  important  caveats  in  today's  data  which  will  be  detailed  in  the  thread.  For  details  see:  
Cheb  Khaled  the  king  of  Algerian  Rai  dies  in  a  Paris  hospital  after  he  got  infected  with  Covid-19.
The  president  of  Guinea  Bissau  beat  up  a  minister  for  Squandering  COVID-19  funds.
490  new  cases  of  Lagos-118  Delta-84  Ebonyi-68  FCT-56  Plateau-39  Edo-29  Katsina-21  Imo-13  Ondo-12  Adamawa-11  Osun-8  Ogun-8  Rivers-6  Kano-5  Enugu-3  Bauchi-3  Akwa  Ibom-3  Kogi-1  Oyo-1  Bayelsa-1  24567  confirmed  9007  discharged  565  deaths  
Rates  of  thyrotoxicosis  are  significantly  higher  among  patients  who  are  critically  ill  with  COVID-19  new  research  finds.  
In  &amp;  &amp;  even  in  Dharavi  a  densely  packed  area  in  Mumbai  a  strong  focus  on  community  engagement  &amp;  the  basics  of  testing  tracing  isolating  &amp;  treating  all  those  that  are  sick  is  key  to  breaking  the  chains  of  transmission  &amp;  suppressing  the  virus-
The  recent  storm  impaired  Floridas  ability  to  do  tests  and  therefore  to  confirm  cases.  Also  a  large  gap  has  opened  between  the  total  number  of  tests  the  state  is  reporting  and  the  number  of  unique  people  who  are  being  tested.  We  report  the  latter.
President  Donald  Trump  will  announce  that  a  scientist  "finally  found  a  vaccine  to  cure  coronavirus."
The  USD  2.7  billion  it  [ACT-Accelerator]  has  received  to  date  has  been  generous  and  has  enabled  the  robust  start-up  phase.  But  this  is  less  than  10%  of  the  overall  needs-
Prevalence  of  asymptomatic  infections  in  children  correlates  with  the  overall  incidence  of  COVID-19  in  the  local  population  new  JAMA  Pediatrics  study  finds.  
Ministry  of  AYUSH  has  removed  Dr.  Mujahid  Hussain  from  service  because  he  banned  Baba  Ramdev's  medicine  Coronil.
There  were  7174  laboratory  tests  processed  yesterday  which  brings  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  216787.Todays  confirmed  case  reinforces  the  'long  tail'  of  the  COVID-19  outbreak  in  New  Zealand.
Update  from  the  There  are  no  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report  today.The  number  of  active  cases  in  NZ  remains  at  22.  All  active  cases  have  recently  returned  from  overseas  and  were  in  managed  isolation  facilities.  There  are  no  cases  of  community  transmission.
Have  you  got  a  hangover  or  COVID-19?  
A  graphic  of  Zee  News  TV  channels  claims  that  the  Home  Ministry  of  India  has  hinted  at  a  complete  lockdown  in  the  country  after  15  June.  Railway  and  airway  will  come  to  a  halt.
Someone  once  used  Facebook  to  rehome  52  horses  but  not  this  year  and  not  after  a  COVID-19  death.  
Over  two-thirds  of  national  COVID-19  deaths  were  reported  in  the  South  today.  The  Northeast  and  Midwest  each  accounted  for  less  than  10%  of  reported  deaths.  
Population  of  India  =  135  crores  If  covid-19  if  we  do  this  testing  for  10  lakh  people  every  day,  then  it  will  take  1350  days,  that  is,  approximately  four  and  a  half  years  to  test  135  crore  people  and  this  much  time  is  also  enough  to  finish  the  country
The  increase  in  deaths  is  due  to  a  backlogged  addition  of  probable  deaths  in  Arkansas.  The  state  reported  147  COVID-19  deaths  today  a  noticeable  uptick.  We  hope  to  see  a  backfilled  time  series  moving  forward.
You  probably  don't  want  to  compute  positive  %s  for  all  the  states  because  we  don't  have  data  for  all  of  them
Attend  todays  COCA  call:  &amp;  Telehealth  Implementation:  Stories  from  the  Field  at  2pm  ET.  Learn  more:  
Elisa  Granato  (32-year-old),  the  first  woman  to  get  vaccine  for  COVID-19,  died.
NEWS!  New  Coronavirus  guidelines  allow  people  to  do  all  the  things  they  started  doing  three  weeks  ago.  
Balancing  health  and  liberty  during  a  pandemic  requires  being  more  sensible  and  compromising.  
Breaking..  You  can  now  benefit  from  the  initiative  launched  by  the  World  Health  Organization,  which  is  a  specific  financial  amount  of  500  euros,  if  you  are  one  of  those  who  suffer  from  difficult  financial  conditions  due  to  Corona,  register  via  the  link.
Nurse  Danielle  DiCenso  died  of  COVID-19  at  the  age  of  33  after  being  exposed  to  the  virus  at  the  hospital  where  she  worked  in  Florida.
has  high  population  density  with  high  rates  of  non-communicable  diseases  &amp;  many  international  travellers  which  meant  it  was  at  high-risk.  But  quick  comprehensive  action  initiated  in  January  &amp;  previous  experience  with  contact  tracing  paid  off-
Yesterdays  total  is  up  on  the  last  two  Saturdays  on  which  1754  and  1365  tests  were  completed  respectively  but  we  still  want  to  see  testing  numbers  increase  particularly  in  Auckland  and  Queenstown.
Mumbai  &  Pune..    Please  Note..  Entire  Mumbai  and  Pune  might  be  Under  Strict  Military  Lockdown  for  10  Days  starts  from  Sunday  from  31st  May  immediately  .after  Lockdown  4.  So  Please  Stock  everything  especially  Groceries  &  Vegetables.    Cities  can  be  Handed  over  to  Military.  Only  Milk  and  Medicines  will  be  allowed.  Please  Inform  all  your  Mumbai  Pune  Friends.    Central  Govt.  Meetings  are  going  on  and  Total  Shut  down  of  Mumbai  is  Expected  to  be  Announced  Anytime.
The  leakage  of  different  harmful  viruses  from  the  Laboratories,  cannot  be  just  accidental.  There's  more  to  it.  World  must  be  saved  from  China.  We've  already  lost  an  entire  year  due  to  COVID-19,  which  originated  from  China.  
Mitch  McConnell  says  Senate  will  vote  on  coronavirus  stimulus  plan  as  soon  as  this  week  
Fruit  Vendor  Spitting  To  Spread  Coronavirus  Goes  Viral.
SP  Balasubrahmanyam's  family  was  not  able  to  pay  hospital  bills
UPDATE:  To  accommodate  all  elective  patients  hospital  provision  interventions  to  remain  in  place  until  there  are  less  than  320  critical  care  patients  Shortfalls  driven  by  lack  of  nurses  beds  &amp;  junior  doctors  Report:  
Nigella  seeds  contain  hydroxychloroquine  which  when  mixed  with  helps  keep  coronavirus  away.
New  guidelines  of  ICMR  for  COVID  19  released  on  6th  August  2020.  For  prophylaxis  Tab.  IVERMECTIN  12  mg  On  Day  1,  Day  7  &  Day  30  2  hrs  after  dinner.  Followed  by  every  30  days  1  tab  of  12mg  till  pandemic  is  over.  To  be  taken  by  all  high  risk  people  &  frontline  health  workers.  It  reduces  severity  of  disease  &  fatality  in  80-90%.
We've  now  tracked  31142  hospitalizations  and  4700  deaths.  Today's  numbers  show  the  largest  single-day  increases  in  both.  
Shopping  malls  crowded  in  Italy  during  the  pandemic.
More  than  one  vaccine  will  likely  be  needed.  
10  States/UTs  account  for  83%  of  the  deaths  in  the  last  24  hours  due  to  Maharashtra  reported  392  deaths  followed  by  Karnataka  and  Uttar  Pradesh  with  83and  77  deaths  respectively.  Details  :  
176  new  cases  of  FCT-40  Lagos-34  Plateau-26  Enugu-14  Delta-12  Ogun-12  Ondo-9  Oyo-8  Ekiti-6  Ebonyi-4  Adamawa-2  Nasarawa-2  Kwara-2  Rivers-2  Edo-1  Osun-1  Bauchi-1  55632  confirmed  43610  discharged  1070  deaths  
The  coronavirus  Aid  Relief  and  Economic  Security  Act  gives  members  of  Congress  a  pay  increase.
The  central  government  is  providing  Rs  1.5  Lakh  for  every  Municipality  for  each  coronavirus  infected  patient.
American  coronavirus  vaccine  killed  five  Ukrainians.
Ebola  versus  COVID-19  -  The  Movie  
UPDATE:  Alabamas  reporting  returned  to  normal  indicating  that  its  hospitalizations  did  not  drastically  fall  yesterday.  Once  the  error  was  fixed  the  national  number  of  patients  hospitalized  with  COVID-19  rose.  
Trump  Family  To  Go  Into  Facemask  Production  
UPDATE  A  total  of  95735  new  cases  have  been  reported  in  the  last  24  hours  in  the  country  60%  of  the  tota
WORLD  HEALTH  ORGANISATION  PROTOCOL&amp;PROCEDURE  OF  LOCKDOWN  PERIODS  FOR  CONTROLLING  ON  MOST  DANGEROUS  VIRUSSTEP  1  -  1  DAY.  STEP  2-  21  DAYS.  AFTER  5  DAYS.  STEP  3-  28  DAYS.  AFTER  5  DAYS.  STEP  4  -  15  DAYS.
The  coronavirus  has  made  it  to  Mississippi  and  the  lady  that  caught  it  wasnt  around  nobody  with  it  which  means  it  is  airborne.  That  means  if  the  wind  blows  it  your  direction  youll  have  it  also.
Victoria  has  received  a  lot  of  attention  for  extending  its  state  of  emergency.  But  it's  the  only  state  which  needs  to  go  to  Parliament  to  do  so.  Other  states  have  been  quietly  extending  theirs  with  no  parliamentary  scrutiny:  
Transparency  from  our  leaders  is  vital  during  this  crisis.  We  must  all  have  access  to  data  so  that  we  can  make  informed  decisions  about  our  own  behavior  changes.  AZ  residents  you  can  access  our  data  model  projections  at  
If  masks  were  effective  and  necessary  non-mask  wearers  should  be  dead  by  now
Video  shows  Chinese  officials  detaining  suspected  coronavirus  cases.
2)  Live  infectious  virus  was  NOT  found.  The  authorsfinding  does  not  indicate  SARS-CoV-2  was  transmitted  from  these  surfaces.  study  shows  infectious  SARS-CoV-2  virus  can  survive  for  only  up  to  72  hrs  on  plastic  &amp;  steel  &amp;  up  to  24  hrs  on  cardboard.  
Across  the  21  states  who  report  them  we  tracked  4468  hospitalizations  the  bulk  in  New  York.  But  Louisiana  and  Florida  also  have  growing  numbers  of  hospitalizations.
These  people  have  a  clear  history  of  a  previous  acute  illness  consistent  with  COVID-19  but  were  not  tested  at  the  time  and  follow-up  serology  testing  confirms  that  they  (and  possibly  other  members  of  their  family)  have  been  infected  in  the  past  with  COVID-19.
Image  attributed  to  Italian  Prime  Minister  suggesting  Italy  has  lost  control.
President  Trump  claimed  that  new  cases  of  COVID-19  are  increasing  onlybecause  of  more  testing  but  the  spike  in  cases  far  exceeds  the  increase  in  testing.  
Bollywood  Superstar  Aamir  Khan  donated  Rs.15000  each  to  poor  slum  dwellers  in  one  kg  wheat  flour  packets.
Chinese  President  Xi  Jinping  visited  Muslims  to  understand  why  they  are  not  contracting  COVID-19.
Me  and  mine  didnt  toil  and  sweat  for  generations  to  keep  these  fields  free  of  Covid-19  only  for  Outsiders  to  be  the  ones  to  get  a  selfie  in  the  Guinness  Storehouse,  out  with  ye!
Dont  put  family  at  risk  for  by  visiting  them  in  person.  Call  grandparents  or  invite  them  to  a  video  chat.  Keep  your  loved  ones  safe  by  staying  connected  while  physically  distant:  
Our  priorities  are  saving  lives  and  protecting  health.  First  Minister  of  Scotland  Nicola  Sturgeon  warns  that  cases  are  on  the  rise  and  that  the  country  is  at  a  tipping  point.  Get  the  latest  on  the  new  restrictions:  
As  at  09:50  pm  13th  April  there  are  343  confirmed  cases  91  discharged  10  deaths  Lagos-  189  FCT-  56  Osun-  20  Edo-  14  Oyo-  11  Ogun-  9  Bauchi-  6  Kaduna-  6  Akwa  Ibom-  5  Katsina-5  Kwara-  4  Ondo-  3  Delta-  3  Kano-  3  Enugu-  2  Ekiti-  2  Rivers-2  Benue-  1  Niger-  1  Anambra-  1
I  heard  such  type  of  news  many  times..  Turkey  few  months  ago  claim  that  country  finally  prepared  .    After  that  we  all  came  to  know  it's  not  trueThat's  why  I  don't  want  to  believe  any  type  of  news  unless  otherwise,  officially  announced  by  WHO.  
Based  on  best  available  data  Maine  has  only  used  2%  of  their  ICU  headroom.  This  suggests  there  is  likely  enough  capacity  to  absorb  a  wave  of  new  COVID  infections.  
A  website  claiming  that  China  has  confirmed  that  patient  zero  had  sex  with  a  bat.
The  other  5  cases  are  in  the  community  and  they  have  all  been  linked  to  the  current  Auckland  outbreak.  There  are  now  125  people  in  the  community  who  have  been  moved  into  the  Auckland  quarantine  facility  and  that  includes  61  people  who  have  tested  positive  and  household  contacts.
501  new  cases  of  Lagos-195  FCT-50  Kano-42  Kaduna-27  Edo-26  Oyo-22  Imo-21  Gombe-17  Benue-12  Enugu-12  Delta-11  Anambra-11  Ebonyi-10  Nasarawa-9  Ogun-9  Bauchi-8  Kebbi-4  Akwa  Ibom-3  Jigawa-3  Katsina-3  Yobe-2  Borno-2  Kwara-1  Ondo-1  15682  confirmed  5101  discharged  407  deaths  
On  a  steep  rising  curve  Indias  Recovery  Rate  touches  78%  There  are  28  lakh  more  Recoveries  than  Active  Cases  60%  of  Total  Active  Cases  in  5  Most  Affected  States  
India  Tracker  (As  on  27  August  2020  08:00  AM)  Confirmed  cases:  3310234  Recovered:  2523771  (76.2%)  Active  cases:  725991  (21.9%)  Deaths:  60472  (1.8%)  Via  
Our  models  estimate  that  has  a  high  positive  test  rate  and  is  near  full  ICU  capacity.  Colorado  has  an  elevated  risk  based  on  our  metrics.  
There  have  been  no  positive  tests  from  our  border  and  managed  isolation  facilities  over  the  last  few  days.  We  continue  to  test  all  border  and  MIQ  staff.
Blame  CHYNA  for  this  lab  manufactured  disease  and  democrats  for  funding  the  Wuhan  lab  and  sham  impeachment  while  this  Kung  Flu  was  being  secretly  imported  from  Chyna  while  their  domestic  transportation  was  under  lockdown.  Criticize  trump  for  flight  ban  from  Chyna  NOW?
Democratic  primary  candidates  find  common  ground  in  being  high  risk  for  coronavirus  
U.S.  secures  300  million  doses  of  potential  AstraZeneca  COVID-19  
Floridas  data  is  for  hospitalizations  with  primary  diagnosis  of  COVID.We're  unsure  how  this  definition  compares  to  other  states'  reporting.  Many  of  the  local  FL  journalists  who  pushed  so  hard  for  this  data  release  are  trying  to  get  clarity  about  which  patients  that  includes.
Inhaling  hot  water  steam  can  kill  coronavirus.
It's  unclear  how  large  the  pending  number  is  which  makes  it  impossible  to  calculate  a  real  positive  rate  unfortunately.
Claim  that  disease  outbreaks  and  pandemics  correspond  with  election  years.
Another  7  states  HI  ME  MT  NM  SD  UT  WY  are  not  reporting  race  /  ethnicity  for  deaths.  TX  is  reporting  but  &gt;70%  of  cases  and  deaths  are  listed  as  unknown.  Some  data  isbetter  than  none  but  it's  still  not  enough.  See  the  rest  of  the  data:  
An  article  claims  that  some  COVID-19  patients  have  been  sedated  and  forced  to  stay  in  a  prone  position  because  because  they  tried  to  "save  themselves"
HCQ,  zinc,  and  azithromycin/doxycycline  MUST  be  given  in  the  viral  replication  stage  of  Covid-19.  This  is  the  first  5-7  days  of  the  illness.  That  is  the  whole  purpose  of  this  drug  combo.  Once  a  person  reaches  the  inflammatory  phase,  its  too  late.  Treat  early,  saves  lives!!
Bill  Gates  predicted  that  the  coronavirus  pandemic  would  kill  65  million  people  and  created  a  vaccine  to  eradicate  Africans.
State  decides  testing  rates  of  COVID-19  for  pvt  labs.  For  reference  max  limit  of  Rs.  4500  per  test  was  fixed.  It  was  also  advised  they  can  do  free  testing  or  testing  on  subsidized  rate  in  this  hour  of  crisis.
Video  of  a  Muslim  leader  being  accidentally  shot  dead  during  a  celebratory  firing  after  he  recovered  from  COVID-19  in  Pakistan.
We  were  slow  with  the  testing,  but  very  quick  with  the  travel  ban.  And  that's  been  much  more  critical  in  saving  lives.
Survey:  43%  of  People  Working  at  Home  for  the  Lockdown  Left  Out  a  Gallon  of  Milk  in  their  Cubicle  
Parcels  from  China  can  spread  Covid-19
As  of  today  there  are  120  active  cases  in  District  
A  good  long  read  for  the  weekend  from  The  coronavirus  is  coursing  through  different  parts  of  the  U.S.  in  different  ways  making  the  crisis  harder  to  predict  control  or  understand.  
A  senior  MP  warns  British  defence  and  foreign  policy  review  is  'flawed'  and  should  be  postponed  until  the  full  effects  on  the  COVID-19  pandemic  are  known  
Anyone  following  this  account  can  help  us  in  one  crucial  way:  if  your  state  is  not  showing  negative  or  total  test  numbers  on  our  site  but  local  media  has  reported  it  or  a  governor  said  it  at  some  point  please  us  with  a  link.
Harvard  scientist  predicts  coronavirus  will  infect  up  to  70  percent  of  humanity  
Social  Distancing?  No  Sweat!  Introverts  Nail  Self-Quarantine  
This  week  our  focus  is  to  ramp  up  testing  in  the  country  focusing  on  2  key  groups:  1.  Contacts  of  cases  with  fever  &amp;  respiratory  tract  symptoms  in  a  contact.  2.  People  with  fever  &amp;  respiratory  tract  symptoms  of  unknown  cause  Thread  by  DG  on  our  goal  for  the  week
First  case  of  coronavirus  traced  to  Marine  putting  hands  in  pockets  
With  community  transmission  is  it  not  high  time  that  Favipravir  and  Fabiflu  be  prescribed  and  available  as  first  line  of  treatment  in  all  suspected  cases.  This  will  not  only  reduce  the  viral  load  but  go  a  long  way  in  reducing  the  case  load  of  Covid  centre's  and  hospitals
The  number  of  COVID-19  infection  in  Japan  is  10  times  higher  than  officially  announced.
The  Health  Authority  confirmed  3  cases  of  the  2019  coronavirus  in  the  country.
One-third  or  half  of  infected  people  in  Japan  are  foreigners.
The  latest  CDC  report  shows  that  activity  remains  below  the  peaks  seen  in  March  and  April  but  is  increasing  in  several  parts  of  the  country.  Find  out  if  COVID-19  activity  is  increasing  in  your  area:  
As  Recoveries  in  India  grow  difference  with  Active  Cases  widens  Recovered  Patients  are  3.5  times  the  Active  Cases.  
There's  a  little  more  complexity:  some  states  that  report  current  hospitalizations  lump  together  laboratory-confirmed  positive  and  suspected  cases  and  others  (like  California  seen  below)  break  them  out.  
A  new  shows  that  an  estimated  41%  of  U.S.  adults  reported  avoiding  medical  care  because  of  concerns  about  including  12%  who  avoided  emergency  care  and  32%  who  avoided  routine  care.  
Arizona  and  South  Carolina  appear  to  have  the  most  dire  situations  right  now.  Most  places  in  the  northeast  now  have  test  positivity  rates  down  under  3%.  
A  "poll  finds  38%  of  Americans  say  they  will  not  drink  Corona  beer  because  of  the  virus."
Home  Ministry  Has  Declared  That  Posting  On  Coronavirus  Has  Been  Declared  A  Punishable  Offense
Just  watch  this  video  and  remember  that  incident  when  Zomato's  Deepinder  made  a  big  deal  out  of  someone  refusing  a  delivery  from  a  Muslim  guy.  There  have  been  so  many  incidents  that  you  just  can't  trust  them.  Who  wants  to  eat  food  contaminated  with  spit?
Donald  Trump  is  announcing  tomorrow  that  the  US  is  going  into  quarantine  for  the  next  14  days.
Reports  that  a  curfew  could  be  imposed  in  London  to  combat  COVID-19  were  not  denied  by  Downing  Street  today.  Follow  latest  updates  
A  sharepic  states  that  since  the  beginning  of  the  corona  crisis  3354  people  died  and  924000  children  are  missing
As  of  today  fatality  rate  is  2.53%.  The  case  at  18.6  deaths/million  of  the  country  is  one  of  the  lowest  in  the  world.  
We'll  be  launching  an  updated  site  around  12pm  ET.  Prepare  for  some  instability  for  a  few  minutes  and  then  a  new  improved  experience.  Our  website  team  has  put  in  major  work  here.  We're  so  appreciative  of  their  efforts.  
Indian  News  wire  agency  IANS  claims  that  Pakistani  PM  Imran  Khan  read  an  overturned  graph  and  claimed  that  Pakistan  was  flattening  its  curve.
A  complex  Sri  Lankan  herbal  drink  was  said  to  remedy  all  virus  infections
The  second  case  is  another  man  in  his  20s  who  arrived  in  on  the  18th  of  June  from  the  USA.  He  was  on  flight  NZ5  from  Los  Angeles.  The  man  tested  positive  at  the  Jet  Park  hotel  after  showing  respiratory  symptoms.  He  has  been  at  the  Jet  Park  since  arriving.
NYC  presumptive  deaths  are  what  is  causing  the  discrepancy  with  the  JHU  tracker:  
Italian  Parliament  Calls  For  The  Arrest  of  Bill  Gates
IDH  Hospital  the  main  center  in  Sri  Lanka  for  treating  COVID-19  patients  is  in  shortage  of  number  of  essentials.
States  reported  under  300  deaths  today  keeping  the  7-day  average  under  600.  Good  news.  But  we  know  death  reporting  lagsthe  deaths  we  see  reported  here  primarily  occurred  in  that  plateau  period.  
India  continues  to  scale  new  peaks  in  tests.  More  than  11.70  lakh  samples  tested  for  2  consecutive  days.  Despite  the  very  high  testing  levels  Daily  Positivity  rate  is  below  7.5%  and  Cumulative  Positivity  Rate  is  less  than  8.5%.  
David  Icke's  claims  that  5G  waves  can  prevent  oxygen  uptake  into  the  human  body  and  that  one  can  target  a  nursing  home  and  remove  oxygen  from  it  with  the  help  of  5G
NEWS!  Government  urged  to  lift  lockdown  after  it  emerges  Ed  Sheeran  is  using  the  time  to  write  a  new  album  
Underserved  racial  and  ethnic  groups  the  target  for  vaccine  trial.  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Weve  now  tracked  almost  4.7  million  tests  up  193k  (!)  from  yesterday.  Note  that  we  can  only  track  tests  that  a  state  reports.  For  details  see:  
A  patient  infected  with  coronavirus  was  killed  by  drug  dealers.
Even  during  if  you  have  a  medical  emergency  seek  medical  care  without  delay.  Learn  more  
Bollywood  actor  Amitabh  Bachchan  son  Abhishek  Bachchan  daughter-in-law  Aishwarya  Bachchan  and  granddaughter  Aaradhya  all  test  positive  for  the  infection.  Indian  television  actor  Parth  Samthaan  has  tested  positive  for  the  coronavirus  infection.  
Total  recovered  cases  has  touched  another  high  of  1480884  today.  This  is  2.3  times  the  number  of  active  cases  (628747  today).  Case  Fatality  Rate  has  further  slumped  to  2.01%.
using  lymphocyte  depleting  induction  &amp;  standard  maintenance  immunosuppression  at  the  height  of  the  pandemic  in  
Guess  what  [children  are]  not  at  risk  unless  they  have  an  underlying  medical  issue.
See  the  way  they  pulled  off  the  Trump,  Xi,  Corona  virus  attack  plan.  was  they  created  the  Virus  at  Fort  Detrick  bio  weapons  lab.  then  they  brought  some  to  the  Wuhan  bio  weapons  lab...then  they  attacked  USA  China  and  Europe  with  it...and  when  I  prove  it.  their  will  be  executions.
Cuban  researchers  have  developed  a  cure  against  COVID-19.
The  latest  updates  from  the  Ministry  of  Health:  There  are  no  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  New  Zealand.  This  is  the  13th  consecutive  day  of  no  new  cases.  Our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  remains  at  1154.  This  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  World  Health  Organisation.  
126  new  cases  of  FCT-37  Lagos-27  Plateau-16  Kaduna-9  Abia-7  Gombe-6  Ondo-6  Imo-5  Delta-2  Ekiti-2  Kwara-2  Oyo-2  Bauchi-1  Kano-1  Katsina-1  Ogun-1  Yobe-1  56604  confirmed  47872  discharged  1091  deaths  
Seven  additional  cases  have  recovered  so  our  total  number  of  active  cases  is  114.  Of  those  39  are  imported  cases  in  MIQ  facilities  and  75  are  community  cases.
The  BacheloretteStranger  ThingsAnd  More  Films  And  TV  Shows  Delayed  By  Coronavirus  
The  leader  of  Bolton  council  says  it's  "unacceptable"  that  residents  trying  to  book  COVID  tests  have  been  diverted  away  from  test  sites  in  the  town  when  there  is  a  "considerable  peak"  in  cases  there.  
One  optimistic  point:  there  are  15  states  on  the  left  side  of  this  chart  that  are  finding  very  few  positive  cases  even  if  they're  doing  a  lot  of  testing.  This  suggests  their  mitigation  strategies  are  working.  
The  backbone  of  response  to  Back  to  basics:  A  strong  public  health  response  led  by  identifying  isolating  treating  cases  and  tracing  &amp;  quarantining  contacts  of  confirmed  cases.  
Take  steps  to  slow  the  spread  and  protect  yourself:  Wear  a  mask  consistently  and  correctly  Avoid  large  gatherings  Wash  hands  often  Stay  6  feet  apart  from  people  who  dont  live  with  you  Continue  to  seek  prenatal  care
Double  Dropping  Two  Yokes  Proven  To  Work  Against  Covid-19  
If  flu  and  coronavirus  collide  were  in  for  real  trouble.  
Coronavirus:  Australia  set  for  lowest  daily  infections  in  months  -  as  it  says  Europe  serves  as  a  warning  
.compared  state  and  local  aid  from  a  proposed  coronavirus  relief  bill  to  debt  she  said  was  incurred  by  a  2017  tax  bill.  Her  comparison  has  merit  but  is  missing  context.  
Covid-19  is  NOT  killing  people.  Weak  immune  systems  and  bad  doctors  are.
Azim  Premji  donates  50  000  crore  to  charity
is  supporting  vaccine  development  by  facilitating  the  establishment  of  the  r-VSV  vaccine  manufacturing  platform  for  the  first  time  in  India  under  the  National  Biopharma  Mission.  
COVID-19  -  Chinese  originated  viral  infectious  disease,  2019.
India  maintains  trend  of  High  Recoveries  New  recoveries  have  exceeded  New  Cases  for  5th  day  in  a  row  Recovery  Rate  continues  to  rise  crosses  81%  
To  be  clear  we  track  all  the  public  health  websites.  Occasionally  however  states  share  information  with  local  media  that  does  not  make  it  to  their  official  repositories.  We'd  like  to  capture  that  data  when  possible.
Note:  we  cannot  capture  all  negative  or  pending  tests  because  of  the  way  that  states  report.  Consider  our  number  a  lower  bound.  See  this  thread:  
On  therapeutics  the  first  proven  therapy  for  severe  was  announced  in  June  with  support  from  the  therapeutic  accelerator  arm  and  is  currently  in  scale-up-
Following  an  article  published  in  some  including  Liberal  politicians  continued  to  imply  a  causal  link  between  BLM  protests  and  Melbourne's  increase.  But  there's  still  no  evidence  protesters  caused  the  increase.  
_The  coronavirus  has  been  defeated  with  anti-inflammatories  and  anticoagulants._
California  fires,  camel  racing,  coronavirus  tribute;  The  World  in  Photos,  Sept.  28  
African  Union  (AU)  has  validated  COVID-Organics  a  Malagasy  remedy  against  2019-nCov  (the  new  coronavirus).
Drinking  cold  water  hot  drinks  or  alcohol  protects  against  coronavirus.
is  seen  as  a  global  exemplar  and  over  the  weekend  Prime  Minister  celebrated  100  days  with  no  community  transmission  while  stressing  the  need  to  remain  cautious-
Indian  media  outlets  claimed  that  a  man  in  Madhya  Pradesh's  Khargone  passed  away  from  COVID-19.
Everyone  should  stock  up  essentials  such  as  milk,  ration,  medicines,  and  cash  as  India  is  soon  going  to  declare  national  emergency.
Covid-19  skin  rash  website  criticised  for  lack  of  BAME  examples    website  dedicated  to  sharing  images  of  Covid-19-related  skin  rashes  to  help  doctors  and  patients  identify  whether  an  unusual  rash  might  be  a  sign  of  coronavirus  infection  
Returning  to  today's  data.  States  reported  ~21k  new  cases.  18  states  reported  over  400  new  cases.  
to  help  slow  the  spread  of  When  removing  your  mask  handle  only  the  ear  loops  or  ties  and  fold  the  outside  corners  together.  Be  careful  not  to  touch  your  eyes  nose  or  mouth  and  wash  your  hands  after  removing.  Learn  more:  
Want  to  get  the  team  together?  We  have  COVID-safe  meeting  rooms  and  plenty  of  space,  free  WiFi  and  coffee.  Conveniently  located  off  the  M40  in  close  to  train,  road  and  bus  links  
_New  vaccine  can  help  cure  coronavirus  in  three  hours._
The  index  case  of  in  was  detected  by  an  astute  physician  who  was  aware  of  our  national  case  definition  Our  appeal  to  health  care  workers  is  to  pay  attention  to  patients  travel  history  at  this  critical  time~  on  
Does  wearing  a  mask  mean  you  dont  have  to  practice  social  distancing?  The  answer  is  no.  Wearing  a  mask  while  in  public  A
Try  Coronil.....Post  COVID
A  Covid  positive  temple  priest  in  the  city  of  Jaipur  spread  coronavirus  to  300  people  when  he  smoked  his  pipe.
New  York's  numbers  improved  today  with  a  notable  slowdown  in  the  growth  of  hospitalizations  but  we  would  agree  with  this  caution.  
Coronavirus  Experts  Warn  That  as  Many  as  900  Trump  Supporters  at  His  Tulsa  Campaign  Rally  Could  Catc
Coronavirus  was  spread  via  bananas
Union  Home  Minister  Amit  Shah  Tamil  Nadu  Governor  Banwarilal  Purohit  and  UP  BJP  President  Swatantra  Dev  Singh  have  tested  positive  for  the  coronavirus  infection.  Bollywood  superstar  Amitabh  Bachchan  has  recovered  from  the  infection.  
Those  who  tested  positive  for  COVID  were  almost  3x  more  likely  to  have  dined  at  a  restaurant  and  4x  more  likely  to  have  gone  to  a  bar  new  study  suggests.  
Hillary  Clinton's  coughing  fits  in  a  2016  presidential  race  became  a  source  for  media  consternation.  new  evidence  has  arisen  that  may  lead  us  to  believe  that  she  was  patient  zero  for  Covid-19  as  early  as  July  of  2016.    A  Thread  1/69
Maharashtra  (India)'s  CM  Uddhav  Thackeray  announced  reimplementation  of  lockdown.
Sadly  there  are  11  people  with  COVID-19  in  hospital  today.  Three  are  in  Auckland  City  Hospital  four  in  Middlemore  three  in  North  Shore  and  one  Waikato.
All  hotels,  restaurants,  pubs  etc  will  be  closed  till  15th  Oct  2020  as  per  tourism  minister  of  India.
India  has  performed  remarkably  on  fulfilling  WHOs  advise  of  140  tests/day/  million  population.  35  States/UTs  have  crossed  the  advised  number  of  tests.  
Getting  tested  for  COVID  can  be  confusing  -  what's  the  difference  between  PCR  Serology  (Antibody)  &amp;  Antigen  tests?  Check  out  our  latest  blog  post  to  see  which  test  is  right  for  you!  
India  tests  more  than  9  lakh  samples  each  day  two  days  in  a  row  Total  tests  near  a  new  peak  of  4  crore  More  than  1  crore  tested  in  past  2  weeks  
The  of  is  23  Days:  
All  Missouri  businesses  can  open  Monday  May  4  under  our  new  Order  as  long  as  new  guidelines  are  followed.
Deaths  per  million  population  in  India  are  53  as  compared  to  the  world  average  of  115  deaths  per  million:  Secretary  
Our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  is  now  1460  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  World  Health  Organization.  Yesterday  our  laboratories  processed  8359  tests  bringing  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  905436
Monkeys  roaming  in  a  Hyderabad  Hospital  threatening  COVID-19  patients.
Breaking  UK  Prepares  For  Full  Lockdown  After  Hundreds  Of  New  Cases  "  Wuhan  Super  Virus  Updates.
452  new  cases  of  Lagos-209  Oyo-67  Delta-37  Ogun-36  FCT-22  Abia-20  Enugu-16  Bauchi-15  Kaduna-8  Ondo-8  Osun-7  Imo-3  Benue-3  Borno-1  21371  confirmed  7338  discharged  533  deaths  
UPDATE  In  its  fight  against  COVID-19  since  January  2020  India  has  crossed  another  peak.  The  cumulative  tests  h
One  positive  development  is  that  Texas  Massachusetts  and  several  other  states  have  begun  to  include  total  testing  numbers  from  commerciallabs  which  are  coming  online.  TX  for  example:  
Arsenicum  Album  30  is  a  homeopathic  drug  peddled  as  a  cure  for  Covid  19
Nashville  Man  Becomes  Unstoppable  After  Eating  Raw  Beet  
Sign  up  here  for  our  newsletter  where  we  lay  out  the  latest  high-quality  news  and  studies  so  you  can  stay  up  to  date  on  COVID.  
There  is  no  science  or  data  to  suggest  that  kids  are  at  risk  from  COVID.
Corona  Exclusive:  We  Interview  Woman  Who  Eats  The  Odd  Chinese  Now  &amp;  Then  
()  Texas  has  begun  using  death  certificates  to  count  COVID-19  deaths  and  has  added  675  deaths  to  their  cumulative  total  only  44  of  which  are  meant  to  be  associated  with  todays  data  update.  
A  video  of  a  Doctor  of  Mumbai's  Kasturba  hospital  suggesting  tea  and  hot  water  to  cure  COVID-19.
The  Kingswood  Rest  Home  in  Morrinsville  has  now  officially  been  cleared  of  any  possible  cases  of  COVID-19.
Our  seven  day  rolling  daily  average  number  of  tests  is  1932  and  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  in  New  Zealand  to  date  is  443169.
A  popular  YouTube  video  is  claiming  coronavirus  "numbers  are  false"
Prime  Minister  Boris  Johnson  outlines  the  new  restrictions  for  England  He  says  those  who  can  work  from  home  should  pubs  and  bars  have  a  curfew  of  10pm  the  rule  of  six  now  applies  to  sports  teams  and  weddings  must  limit  to  15  guests.  
Cow  urine  is  helpful  to  fight  coronavirus.
I  know  that  Chloroquine  is  used  in  cases  of  malaria  when  hydroxychloroquine  may  not  be  effective.    Injectable  Quinine  is  used  when  both  cq/hcq  will  not  if  it  becomes  cerebral  malaria.  (Blood  brain  barrier.)
Killing  Virus  Bacteria  UV  sterilization  +Ozone  Intelligent  Lamp  
A  video  about  the  coronavirus  circulates  in  WhatsApp  that,  when  opened,  hacks  the  cell  phone  "in  10  seconds".
The  pandemic  has  put  an  emphasis  on  the  importance  of  and  fact-checking.  The  
What  would  the  PM  say  to  those  who  are  being  asked  to  abide  by  COVID  rules  who  may  be  feeling  that  if  the  government  can  break  the  law  why  can't  they?'  -  Labour's  Catherine  McKinnell  PM  says  force  of  law  is  being  used  as  the  virus  is  "gaining  ground".  
Union  Home  Minister  Amit  Shah  tested  negative  for  coronavirus.  Union  Health  Ministry  Joint  Secretary  Lav  Agarwal  tested  positive  for  COVID-19  and  is  currently  in  home  isolation  as  per  guidelines.  
In  his  first  rally  since  the  start  of  the  pandemic  and  nationwide  Black  Lives  Matter  protests  President  attacked  his  opponent  Joe  Biden  excoriated  protestors  and  stoked  racial  tensions.  Our  fact-check:  
USA  just  discovered  the  man  who  manufactured  and  sold  the  Corona  virus  to  China.  Dr  Charles  Lieber,  head  of  the  chemistry  and  biology  department  at  Havard  University,  USA.  He  was  just  arrested  today  according  to  American  Department  sources
A  post  claims  the  WHO  ruled  out  a  vaccine  from  the  United  States  and  recommended  another  from  China  that  costs  $10000
New  Yorks  new  hospitalization  update  did  not  make  it  into  our  initial  daily  update.  It  is  there  now.  The  state  now  has  2635  hospitalized  people  up  from  1974.  We  regret  the  error.
There  are  currently  4927  people  in  managed  isolation  and  quarantine.  Our  current  effective  capacity  is  7126.  This  gives  us  an  excess  capacity  of  2199.  Over  the  next  week  we  are  projecting  3590  arrivals  and  2699  departures  from  our  facilities.
Please  share  this  video  Neem  leaves  powder  can  cure  corona  within  hours  please  share  this  video  allah  had  blessed  us  with  the  corona  vaccine  
India  continues  to  report  High  Number  of  Recoveries.  Total  number  of  Recovered  Cases  more  than  37  lakh.  58%  Daily  New  Recoveries  come  from  5  States.  
276  new  cases  of  Lagos-161  Rivers-36  Edo-27  Kaduna-19  Nasarawa-10  Oyo-6  Kano-4  Delta-3  Ebonyi-3  Gombe-2  Ogun-1  Ondo-1  Borno-1  Abia-1  Bauchi-1  8344  cases  of  in  Nigeria  Discharged:  2385  Deaths:  249  
An  article  from  April  announcing  a  new  study  connectsthe  flu  vaccine  and  an  increased  risk  of  coronavirus  is  based  on  data  from  2017-18  and  doesnt  include  COVID-19.  
If  you  paid  rent  in  March  or  April,  they  got  to  giveyou  your  money  back.
Deaths  blamed  on  coronavirus  are  actually  due  to  the  flu.
A  photo  shows  Gov.  Gretchen  Whitmer  on  Mackinaw  Island  today  ignoring  mask  and  social  distancing  rules.
In  a  very  real  sense,  (Oklahoma  has)  flattened  the  curve.  ...  The  number  of  cases  in  Oklahoma  it's  declined  precipitously.
Shadow  Cabinet  Office  Minister  tells  she  thinks  the  govt's  suggestion  of  using  the  Army  to  support  police  amid  new  rules  reflects  "the  extent  to  which  the  police  have  been  cut  over  the  last  10  years."  Get  live  updates:  
The  seven-day  average  of  COVID-19  deaths  has  remained  over  1000  people  per  day  since  July  30.  
457  new  cases  of  Lagos-137  FCT-76  Plateau-40  Rivers-35  Enugu-34  Oyo-25  Abia-23  Delta-12  Edo-11  Ebonyi-11  Cross  River-10  Kwara-10  Kaduna-9  Anambra-7  Ogun-5  Imo-3  Bauchi-3  Osun-2  Nasarawa-2  Kano-1  Ekiti-1  44890  confirmed  32165  discharged  927  deaths  
Trudeau  airs  a  coronavirus  update  rerun,  to  see  if  anyone  notices    
Several  other  states  also  posted  substantial  drops  in  hospitalization  figures  today  without  explanation.  These  drops  might  be  the  same  changeover-related  problems  weve  seen  all  week  or  they  might  be  real  declines  so  weve  reported  those  numbers  as  published  by  states.
ICMR  is  proud  to  announce  the  completion  of  its  Annual  Accounts  in  time  even  during  the  COVID19  Pandemic.  The  Council  has  also  completed  GoI  pilot  projects  on  financial  systems  like  PFMS  &amp;  TSA.  ICMR  is  committed  to  shouldering  any  such  duties  as  entrusted  by  GoI  in  the  future  
Practice  everyday  during  Clean  fruits  &amp;  vegetables  at  home  by  gently  rinsing  them  under  cold  runni
When  we  were  getting  started  on  this  project  and  I  surveyed  the  public  health  departments  on  that.  It  was  hard  info  to  get  then  and  probably  impossible  to  get  now.  -
RecoveredThose  who  have  had  the  disease.  We  assume  that  these  people  acquire  long-lasting  immunity  though  people  only  remain  immune  to  other  coronaviruses  for  1-2  years  (avg)  and  there  is  some  early  evidence  to  suggest  the  infection  may  not  create  immunity  in  some  people.
mouthwash  kills  coronavirus  and  can  be  the  cure  for  COVID-19
A  data  table  from  the  World  Bank  is  causing  a  lot  of  confusion  about  coronavirus  testing  equipment.  To  be  clear:  COVID-19  tes
People  Are  Already  Lining  Up  Outside  The  White  House  To  Get  Their  $1,000  Coronavirus  Checks  
Pictures  of  a  man  wearing  a  helmet  and  sitting  on  a  pothole  on  the  road  is  from  Uttar  Pradesh  targeting  the  Uttar  Pradesh  Government.
A  drug  for  coronavirus  has  been  found.
Hollywood  actor  Paul  Rudd  has  encouraged  young  people  to  wear  face  masks  in  an  entertaining  video  as  the  US  grapples  with  the  pandemic  
Says  if  you're  refused  service  at  a  store  for  not  wearing  a  mask  call  the  department  of  health  and  report  the  store.  Masks  are  suggested  not  required.
Why  banks  are  open  daily,  they  should  be  open  in  alternate  days  for,  stoping  people  and  becoz  one  of  reason  is  and  2nd  people  are  not  following  social  distancing  
CDC  Director  Robert  Redfield  says  healthy  people  should  NOT  wear  masks.
Bill  Gates  profits  from  vaccination  and  wants  to  reduce  the  world's  population.
India  spraying  pesticides  at  night  to  prevent  COVID-19.
President  Trump  Wants  His  Base  to  Donate  Their  Coronavirus  Stimulus  Checks  To  His  Re-Election  Campai
No  big  deal.  Just  a  picture  recently  taken  in  Wuhan,  China...  the  birth  place  of  Covid-19.  
An  important  part  of  our  work  is  data  collection  &amp;  analysis  At  11:30pm  daily  our  data  team  collates  results  received  from  all  testing  labs  across  states  to  inform  Nigerians  of  the  number  of  new  cases.  Results  not  received  at  this  time  are  reported  the  next  day  
POLL:  How  has  influenced  your  career  plans?  
The  7-day  avg  tests  in  Texas  is  now  back  to  late-June  levels  reinforcing  a  trend  of  falling  testing  numbers  in  recent  weeks.  This  is  especially  concerning  as  schools  are  preparing  to  reopen  in  the  state.  
Our  daily  update  is  now  published.  States  reported  over  44k  new  cases  the  new  normal.  The  7-day  average  of  new  cases  per  day  has  doubled  since  6/13  and  now  exceeds  41k.  Current  hospitalizations  saw  their  biggest  jump  since  4/21.  For  details  see:  
Drinking  water  every  15  minutes  will  protect  people  from  coronavirus.
A  video  that  shows  4  allegedly  empty  hospitals  in  So  Paulo.
There  were  more  deaths  on  the  roads  of  France  in  July  than  death  from  COVID-19
Do  you  or  does  someone  you  know  communicate  using  American  Sign  Language?  Watch  videos  on  part  of  the  video  series  on  the  CDC  Streaming  Health  YouTube  channel:  
Brazil  recorded  more  deaths  in  the  first  half  of  2019  than  in  the  first  half  of  2020.
Biden  said  feds  have  no  game  planto  distribute  COVID-19  vaccine.  There  are  federal  committees  and  a  four-state  pilot  working  on  recommendations.  
The  Philippines  does  not  have  the  fastest  rising  number  of  COVID-19  cases  in  the  Western  Pacific  Region  as  classified  by  the  World  Health  Organization.
File  under  "misinformation  about  Bill  Gates  and  the  coronavirus  vaccine."  
Trump  White  House  adviser  says  unemployment  rate  could  pass  20%  during  coronavirus  pandemic  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Weve  now  tracked  5.4  million  tests  up  257k  from  yesterday.  Another  huge  testing  day.  4/22  was  a  clear  inflection  point.  Note  that  we  can  only  track  tests  that  a  state  reports.  For  details  see:  
Please  convince  your  patients  to  wear  masks  out  in  public.  via  
The  president  looks  like  he  was  ahead  of  the  curve  as  you  know  he  talks  about  this  all  the  time  on  shutting  down  travel  from  China.
A  message  claimed  that  Angel  Broking  has  gone  bankrupt  as  oil  prices  went  negative  due  to  coronavirus  lockdown  around  the  world
In  a  series  of  interviews  and  ads  businessman  Clive  Palmer  said  anti-malaria  drug  hydroxychloroquine  has  contributed  to  Australia's  low  death  rate  from  COVID-19.  We  found  that  claim  to  be  baseless.  New  
62282  recover  in  the  last  24  hours  !  With  such  high  level  of  recoveries  India's  Recovery  Rate  has  so
2.  While  the  models  assumed  hospitalization  rate  was  too  high  its  assumed  death  rate  has  accurately  reflected  available  data.  As  we  lower  the  assumed  rate  that  infected  people  require  hospitalization  we  increased  assumed  death  rates  of  patients  in  the  ICU  &amp;  on  ventilators.
Five  States  -  Maharashtra  Karnataka  Andhra  Pradesh  Uttar  Pradesh  and  Tamil  Nadu  account  for  60%  of  total  active  cases  i
Trudeau  tides  over  nations  sexually  frustrated  aunts  by  saying  moistly
Coronavirus  Is  Not  Like  A  Broken  Leg  
The  64  members  of  the  Facility  will  be  joined  by  92  low-  and  middle-income  economies  eligible  for  support  for  the  procurement  of  vaccines  through  the  COVAX  Advance  Market  Commitment  a  financing  instrument  aimed  at  supporting  the  procurement  of  vaccines  for  these  countries.  
The  coronavirus  causes  thrombosis  and  is  to  be  treated  with  aspirin.
Protect  yourself  &amp;  help  reduce  the  spread  of  at  events  &amp;  gatherings:  wear  a  cloth  face  covering  if  able  wash  hands  with  soap  &amp;  water  and  avoid  touching  your  face  &amp;  sharing  items.  Monitor  yourself  for  symptoms  after  the  event.  For  more  tips  see:  
Coronavirus:  500  Dundee  students  told  to  isolate  after  suspected  COVID  outbreak  in  halls  of  residence  
COVID-19  air  hunger  causes  psychological  trauma.  
Today's  numbers  right  now  do  not  include  Texas  which  has  not  yet  reported.  South  Carolina  separated  out  antibody  tests  from  viral  diagnostic  tests  today.  Antibody  tests  represented  ~10-11%  of  the  tests  that  had  been  reported  by  the  state.
Continue  social  distancing  wearing  a  and  washing  your  hands  frequently  to  help  protect  yourself  and  others  around  y
Cardio  workout  during  lockdown.  
Crash  40  people  on  board  the  crashed  plane  tested  positive  for  The  district  administration  instructed  all  those  involved  in  the  rescue  operation  to  be  under  See  the  Morning  Visual  From  
Yesterday  our  labs  processed  26014  tests.  The  total  number  of  tests  completed  is  597956  -  almost  100000  of  which  have  been  completed  in  the  last  week  or  so.  Due  to  to  the  high  levels  of  testing  there  can  be  delays  of  up  to  48  hours  in  processing  tests.
UK  excess  deaths  could  hit  peak  levels  within  two  months  if  nothing  is  done  to  stop  the  spike  in  cases  
Video  shows  dead  bodies  lying  on  the  beach  shared  with  the  claim  that  bodies  of  coronavirus  patients  are  being  dumped  in  the  sea.
India  has  lost  over  50000  individuals  to  coronavirus  till  date.  In  view  of  the  rising  coronavirus  cases  Bihar  government  extends  lockdown  in  the  state  till  6  September.  At  Nationalist  Congress  Party  chief  Sharad  Pawars  residence  four  people  tested  positive  for  
It  is  common  to  feel  more  stress  during  the  pandemic.  Use  these  CDC  tips  and  resources  to  take  care  of  your  loved  onesmental  health  and  your  own:  
.issues  SOP  for  partial  reopening  of  schools  for  students  of  9th  to  12th  classes  on  a  voluntary  basis  for  taki
Its  worth  noting  that  the  number  of  completed  tests  is  trending  down  in  the  Northeast.  
Famous  singer  Sharda  Sinha  passes  away  due  to  coronavirus
CDC  Explains  that  Flattened  Curve  Has  Become  Line  Extending  into  Infinity  Meaning  Lockdown  Can  Never
The  CDC  can  detain  anyone  with  a  fever  "  indefinitely.  Vaccination  (is)  a  way  people  could  get  out  of  detention.
A  health  professional  is  facing  what's  thought  to  be  the  first  Fitness  to  Practice  hearing  over  allegations  of  delayed  patient  care  due  to  inadequate  
_A  video  allegedly  showing  Canadian  Prime  Minister  Justin  Trudeaus  wife  in  a  hospital  bed  urging  people  to  stay  home  to  avoid  ending  up  seriously  ill  with  the  novel  coronavirus  has  been  shared  thousands  of  times  on  Facebook  and  Twitter._
Video  of  Rahul  Gandhi  and  Priyanka  Vadra  Gandhi  breaking  'lock  down'  regulations.
Mama  said  just  add  limes,  Bobby  Boucher  says  of  Coronavirus  
Our  daily  updated  is  published.  States  reported  618k  tests  and  38k  cases  today.  The  death  toll  is  1170.  
The  reported  death  toll  also  reached  a  new  high:  2746.  There  is  an  important  caveat  to  this  number:  NY  reported  941  deaths  most  of  which  were  newly  confirmed  but  did  not  occur  in  the  last  24  hours.  Sharp  local  reporting  on  the  topic:  
Looking  for  information  about  testing?  Find  the  latest  including  how  to  get  a  test  in  your  community  on  our  update
A  post  claims  studies  show  the  flu  shot  will  increase  a  persons  susceptibility  to  COVID-19.
Images  showing  vaccines  for  coronavirus  have  already  been  discovered  were  patented  and  will  be  readily  available.
The  first  volunteer  to  take  the  human  trial  vaccine  for  coronavirus  in  the  UK  has  died.
Here's  your  regional  story.  Less  than  10%  of  cases  were  reported  by  states  in  the  northeast.  
India  reports  over  48000  new  infections  taking  the  confirmed  case  tally  to  13.3  lakh.  Madhya  Pradesh  CM  Shivraj  Singh  Chouhan  tests  positive  for  the  novel  coronavirus.  President  of  Brazil  Jair  Bolsonaro  has  tested  negative  for  COVID-19.  
States  reported  fewer  than  21k  new  cases  today.  The  7-day  average  fell  a  bit.  After  last  week's  higher  numbers  we've  seen  some  lower  numbers  especially  in  the  big  states  like  CA  and  TX.  
A  video  of  an  Indonesian  traditional  market  is  being  used  to  depict  Wuhan  China.
A  video  of  a  young  man  from  Gujarat  claiming  he  has  found  a  medicine  that  cures  COVID-19.
Governor  Gretchen  Whitmer  spent  the  past  weekend  at  her  VACATION  COTTAGE  at  Birch  Lake.  Violating  her  own  EXECUTIVE  ORDER.
Jeanine  ez  actual  president  of  Bolivia  has  COVID-19.
EMA  endorses  the  use  of  dexamethasone  for  COVID-19.  
Did  You  Already  Have  Coronavirus?  Heres  A  Simple  Test  
Bill  Gates  Explains  That  The  COVID  Vaccine  Will  Use  Experimental  Technology  And  Permanently  Alter  Your  DNA.
COVID-19  is  sparing  essential  workers.
COVID-19  Update  We  have  5  new  cases  of  COVID-19  in  the  community.  4  are  Auckland-based  and  1  is  connected  to  the  2  Tokoroa  cases  and  is  currently  in  Waikato  Hospital.  This  brings  our  total  number  of  active  cases  to  101.
Government  attempts  to  stop  coronavirus  by  outlawing  communal  worship  of  deity  who  created  virus  
Acc  to  as  per  the  current  evidence  the  period  of  infectivity  starts  2  days  prior  to  onset  of  symptoms  &amp;  lasts  up  to  8  days.  The  extent  &amp;  role  played  by  asymptomatic  infections  in  transmission  still  remain  under  investigation:  
_A  vaccine  for  the  2019  novel  coronavirus  has  been  found  and  there  will  be  no  more  deaths  due  to  the  coronavirus._
deployed  the  infrastructure  built  up  over  many  years  for  to  combat  Community  who  have  been  trained  to  go  door-to-door  vaccinating  children  have  been  utilized  for  surveillance  contact  tracing  and  care-
RSS  Chief  Mohan  Bhagwant's  said  that  COVID-19  shook  his  faith  in  religion.
Italian  doctor  accuse  WHO  of  misleading  the  world  about  COVID-19  as  COVID-19  is  caused  by  bacteria  not  virus.
Gilead  will  study  remdesivir  in  pediatric  COVID-19  patients.  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Weve  now  tracked  more  than  2  million  tests  up  ~137k  from  yesterday.  Note  that  we  can  only  track  tests  that  a  state  reports.  And  not  all  states  report  all  tests.  For  details  see:  
India's  Cases  per  Million  population  is  amongst  the  lowest  in  the  world;  which  stands  at  2792  for  India  and  3359  for  the  World:  Secretary  
We  have  followed  up  on  all  183  staff  who  had  worked  there  during  the  period  they  were  there  and  all  the  health  staff  have  been  tested  and  all  tested  negative.
12  States  and  UTs  have  registered  Recovery  Rate  more  than  the  national  average  79%  of  the  new
Cumulative  hospitalizations  up  to  22303  still  largely  driven  by  New  York.  California  is  now  second  in  hospitalizations  Louisiana  third.
The  recent  rise  in  deaths  is  not  equally  distributed  across  the  US.  Where  cases  have  risen  most  rapidly  deaths  have  followed  suit.  Note:  the  Wests  death  number  is  impacted  by  Washington  State  removing  39  deaths  from  their  counts  that  they  determined  were  not  from  COVID-19.  
Arbidol  is  a  miracle  cure  for  COVID-19.
There  are  now  33  retracted  papers.  
Last  data  point  today:  Even  with  the  holiday  weekend  Floridas  numbers  are  alarming.  The  state  has  reported  more  than  10000  new  cases  three  of  the  last  four  days.  Still  no  data  on  current  COVID-19  hospitalizations  in  FL.  
India  scales  yet  another  peak  records  all-time  high  of  daily  testing.  For  the  first  time  more  than  12  lakh  tests  conducted  in  the  last  24  hrs.  Exponential  rise  in  total  tests  as  they  cross  6.36  crore.  Details:  
A  video  showing  people  in  hospital  beds  on  a  street  has  been  viewed  thousands  of  times  on  Facebook  alongside  a  claim  it  shows  coronavirus  patients  who  were  moved  outside  a  hospital  in  Pakistan  because  of  an  overflow  of  patients.
Todays  cases  bring  our  combined  total  of  COVID-19  cases  to  1492.We  now  have  1368  people  reported  as  having  recovered.  Today  there  are  two  people  in  hospital  with  COVID-19  one  each  in  Middlemore  and  North  Shore  hospitals.  Neither  are  in  ICU.
The  Ministry  has  been  in  communication  with  all  of  these  people  since  leaving  the  facility.  39  have  returned  negative  tests  for  COVID-19.  2  of  those  have  had  a  test  prior  to  leaving  the  facility  and  another  2  were  tested  the  same  day  as  leaving.
Says  Alexandria  Ocasio-Cortez  tweeted,  Its  vital  that  Governors  maintain  restrictions  on  businesses  until  after  the  November  Elections  because  economic  recovery  will  help  Trump  be  re-elected.  A  few  business  closures  or  job  losses  is  a  small  price  to  pay  to  be  free  from  his  presidency.  
Politicized  doctors  are  still  not  treating  Covid  +  patients  within  5  days.  Still  sending  people  home  to  quarantine  for  14  days  without  treatment.  Still  not  using  Hydroxy  chloroquine  and  instead  using  less  effective  drugs.  This  is  murder!
There's  a  lot  of  interest  in  Georgia.  Their  testing  numbers  are  way  down  since  May  27  when  they  pulled  antibody  tests  out.  But  that  doesn't  seem  like  a  full  explanation.  As  the  tests  have  swung  down  cases  have  been  steady  so  the  positive  rate  has  shot  up.  
Man  beaten  in  Deoria  India  in  lockdown  time.
The  BRACE  CORONA  study  found  no  difference  in  key  outcomes  between  patients  continuing  vs  stopping  their  medication.  
The  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  is  now  1212  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  World  Health  Organization.  There  is  no  one  in  New  Zealand  receiving  hospital-level  care  for  COVID-19.
Yes  approved  private  labs  are  doing  testing  as  per  the  ICMR  protocol.  As  on  7.8.2020  out  of  1396  total  labs  in  India  460  are  private  labs:  
Test  yourself:  Whats  the  diagnosis?  via  
Older  adults  &amp;  people  w/  severe  chronic  health  conditions:  If  starts  spreading  in  your  community  take  extra  measures  to  put  distance  between  yourself  and  other  people.  Keep  away  from  others  who  are  sick  avoid  crowds  &amp;  wash  your  hands  often.  
Are  you  using  Make  sure  yours  doesnt  contain  which  can  be  toxic  when  absorbed  through  the
Many  Evangelicals  Now  Believe  Trump  Actually  Tested  Positive  For  The  Coronavirus  
The  United  States  has  over  3  million  cases  of  COVID-19,  and  over  130,000  people  have  died  yet  Donald  Trump  continues  to  say  it  will  just  "fade  away."  Its  unbelievable.    We're  paying  the  price  for  this  president's  incompetence  every  single  day.
_The  maker  of  the  novel  coronavirus  has  been  arrested._
3  reasons  why  more  and  more  young  people  are  catching  
Around  5K  heart  attack  patients  in  England  may  have  missed  out  on  life  saving  hospital  treatment  due  to  COVID-19  according  to  a  new  study.  
News  outlets  are  misusing  a  boys  image  to  report  the  same  child  died  of  COVID-19  in  three  different  countries.
To  stop  the  spread  of  CDC  will  continue  to  work  with  tribal  nations  to  ensure  resources  are  available  to  maintain  physical  &amp;  mental  health  (easy  access  to  information  affordable  testing  and  medical  and  mental  health  care).  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  States  reported  986k  tests  47k  cases  and  901  deaths.  Today's  testing  numbers  are  the  highest  to  date.  
Nio  Jess  Hospital  is  now  "clean"  of  coronavirus  to  take  care  of  children  and  young  people  in  Madrid.
To  reiterate  these  people  are  not  infectious  and  dont  pose  a  risk  to  others.  Contacts  from  Auckland  flight  An  update  now  on  the  case  of  the  man  who  left  MIQ  in  Christchurch  having  returned  negative  tests  for  COVID-19  and  then  tested  positive  in  Auckland.
A  video  shows  healthcare  workers  celebrating  in  a  hospital.  The  caption  says  it  was  filmed  in  Messejana  Hospital  in  Fortaleza  Brazil  after  all  COVID-19  patients  were  cured  and  a  whole  hospital  wing  was  closed.
They  might  look  like  an  alien  species,  but  these  bacteria-eating  viruses  could  be  the  next  big  thing  in  the  fight  against  infectious  diseases.    
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Weve  now  tracked  more  than  2.8  million  tests  up  140k  from  yesterday.  Note  that  we  can  only  track  tests  that  a  state  reports.  And  not  all  states  report  all  tests.  For  details  see:  
Coronavirus  inside  air  passenger  excited  about  Doug  Fords  cuts  to  public  health  
Over  the  past  2  weeks  our  team  trained  &amp;  mentored  core  &amp;  surge  staff  on  the  basics  of  public  health  emergency  operation  centre  management  Certificates  were  presented  to  successful  participants  after  a  table  top  simulation  exercise  &amp;  pre/post  examinations.  
This  3  year  old  girl  is  fighting  for  her  life  after  getting  the  coronavirus.
The  UK  government  says  it  has  responded  well  to  the  coronavirus  pandemic.  There  is  plenty  of  evidence  to  the  contrary.  
Of  the  13  states  that  reported  over  400  cases  9  of  the  them  are  in  the  south.  
A  WhatsApp  message  claims  that  Italy  announced  the  cure  for  COVID-19.
Google  has  donated  59  billion  (5900  crores)  rupees  to  fight  coronavirus  to  India.
The  sensitivity  of  the  test  is  definitely  something  specialists  are  talking  about.  I  have  not  seen  a  real  number  but  I  also  havent  looked  that  hard  because  weve  been  doing  other  things.-
The  UK  government  should  hold  off  on  introducing  restrictions  until  mid-winter  as  there  is  often  "a  significant  rise  in  deaths"  in  January  Professor  Carl  Heneghan  of  the  has  told  Sky  News.  Get  the  latest  updates:  
Arizona  is  the  first  U.S.  state  to  begin  reporting  serology  tests.  We've  been  anticipating  this  so  on  the  backend  we're  prepared  to  record  these  numbers.  We  will  publish  the  data  as  soon  as  we  can  work  out  the  particular  kinks  of  how  to  do  so.  
[Covid  Act  Now]  says  if  restrictions  are  lifted  up  to  70  percent  of  Arizonans  could  be  infected  in  the  next  three  months  with  65000  people  eventually  dying.  
A  video  has  been  viewed  thousands  of  times  on  Facebook  alongside  a  claim  it  shows  Muslims  in  the  US  praying  on  a  street  during  the  coronavirus  pandemic.
Acc  to  all  domestic  passengers  entering  Gujarat  will  not  be  quarantined  &amp;  will  be  permitted  to  go  with  advice  to  self-monitor  their  health  for  14  days.  You  may  also  contact  the  State  Helpline  for  details:  2325-0818/1900/7433000104  
Coronavirus  Latest:  Is  It  Time  To  Turn  On  Each  Other?  
74%  of  new  cases  are  concentrated  in  10  States/UTs.  Maharashtra  alone  has  more  than  18000  followed  by  Andhra  Pradesh  &amp;  Karnataka  with  more  than  7000  &amp;  6000  cases  respectively.  
Kudos  to  India's  frontline  health  workers!  The  country  achieves  record  high  of  101468  RECO
If  you  have  been  exposed  to  stay  home  and  self-quarantine  away  from  others  for  14  days.  Take  these  steps  to  
India  Tracker  (As  on  24  August  2020  08:00  AM)  Confirmed  cases:  3106348  Recovered:  2338035  (75.3%)Active  cases:  710771  (22.9%)  Deaths:  57542  (1.9%)  Via  
Doctors  say  treating  patients  with  corticosteroids  is  the  official  cure  for  coronavirus.  During  an  interview  for  a  television  channel  a  doctor  from  So  Paulo  describes  the  procedure.
Yesterday  across  our  managed  isolation  facilities  1061  tests  were  completed  through  five  mobile  units  the  DHB  provided.  There  are  further  nearly  700  tests  scheduled  today.  Testing  will  continue  in  these  facilities  over  the  weekend.
Video  shows  coronavirus  infected  notes  scattered  on  Indore  streets  being  sanitized.
Deaths  rose  to  1259  but  the  7-day  average  fell  under  1000  for  the  first  time  since  4/4.  States  have  reported  94352  deaths.  New  York  City  reports  an  additional  4752  probable  COVID-19  deaths.  Together  that's  99104  people.  For  comparison  Hopkins:  100407  NYT:  100046  
These  numbers  do  not  attempt  to  take  into  account  other  common  public  health  methods  for  looking  at  the  impact  of  a  disease  such  as  excess  mortality  as  reflected  in  these  charts  from  the  Financial  Times.  
The  updated  definition  for  accounts  for  the  new  geographic  spread  of  the  virus  &amp;  includes  a  list  of  affected  areas  w/  widespread  or  sustained  community  spread  &amp;  will  likely  be  revised.  
Boris  Johnson  is  this  weekend  deciding  how  to  react  to  the  UK's  second  wave.  The  PM  said  he  does  not  want  to  put  the  country  in  another  national  lockdown  but  warned  the  government  may  need  to  "intensify  things".  has  the  latest.  
Reopening  our  society  doesnt  mean  the  virus  is  no  longer  with  us.  It  means  we  have  to  learn  to  continue  with  our  lives  safely.  This  will  require  sacrifice  in  some  areasDG  on  
NEWS!  People  bored  of  lockdown  flock  to  IKEA  to  make  staying  at  home  seem  less  shit  
11  out  of  13  people  (from  the  Diamond  Princess  Cruise  ship)  who  had  intially  tested  negative  in  tests  in  Japan  were  later  confirmed  to  be  positive  in  the  United  States.
If  you  can  hold  your  breath  for  10  seconds,  without  coughing  or  difficulty  in  breathing  it  indicates  the  absence  of  COVID-19  infection.
Navi  Mumbai's  Smt  Purnima  Pandeyji  Secured  Self  and  Family  increasing  During  this  period  of  Corona  by  Regular  Use  o
503  new  cases  of  COVID19Nigeria;  Lagos-153  Ondo-76  Edo-54  FCT-41  Enugu-37  Rivers-30  Benue-24  Osun-20  Kaduna-15  Kwara-13  Abia-9  Borno-8  Plateau-6  Taraba-5  Ogun-3  Kano-3  Kebbi-2  Nasarawa-2  Bayelsa-1  Gombe-1  29879  confirmed  12108  discharged  669  deaths  
It  could  take  years  to  recover  from  the  backlog  of  surgery  in  the  NHS  caused  by  the  COVID-19.  
IMPORTANT  INFO  FOR  SURGICAL  MASK  USERS  White  side  facing  outwards  if  you  want  to  protect  yourself.      If  you  have  flu,  blue  or  green  side  facing  outwards  to  prevent  the  germs  from  spreading  outwards.    
We  will  increase  antigen  tests  in  containment  zones  bigger  sample  size  for  Sero  Survey  in  second  round:  Punekars  to  be  levied  Strict  Fines:  Rs.  500  for  Not  Wearing  Masks  Rs.  1000  for  Spitting  in  Public  2/3  
As  at  10:40  pm  28th  March  there  are  97  confirmed  cases  1  death  For  a  breakdown  of  cases  by  states  in  real  time  please  see  Currently;  Lagos-  59  FCT-  16  Ogun-  3  Enugu-  2  Ekiti-  1  Oyo-  7  Edo-  2  Bauchi-  2  Osun-2  Rivers-1  Benue-  1  Kaduna-  1
No  one  died  from  COVID-19  in  S?o  Paulo  on  August  4  and  August  5
No  Evidence  Hydroxychloroquine  Is  Helpful  In  Preventing  COVID-19  Study  Finds  
Masks  are  key  to  preventing  asymptomatic  spread  of  COVID.  A  new  study  finds  that  asymptomatic  and  mild  symptomatic  patients  shed  viral  particles  for  a  median  of  28  and  31  days  respectively.  
Akirais  a  1988  movie  about  an  apocalyptic  event  taking  place  months  before  Tokyo  2020  Olympics,  showing  the  (World  Health  Organization)  advising  Japan  to  postpone  the  Olympics  because  of  a  pandemic  risk
99%  of  coronavirus  cases  are  totally  harmless.
A  video  claims  to  show  Chinese  Muslims  performing  a  communal  Friday  prayer  in  a  mosque  despite  the  novel  coronavirus  pandemic.
A  Facebook  post  names  several  claims  about  the  name  "COVID-19"  including  that  is  an  acronym  for  'See  a  Sheep  Surrender'.
.said  COVID-19  is  totally  harmless  in  99%  of  the  cases.  From  deaths  to  hospitalizations  to  a  growing  list  of  ailments  that  hit  people  with  even  mild  cases  the  numbers  say  thats  wrong.  
Health  care  workers  are  selflessly  risking  their  lives  every  day  on  the  front  lines  of  the  fight  against  COVID-19  and  hundreds  have  paid  the  ultimate  price.    They  are  American  heroes  and  we  cannot  forget  the  sacrifices  they  made  to  care  for  us  all.  
Bill  Gates  admited  on  video  that  the  vaccine  against  COVID-19  changes  people's  DNA  forever.
Guatemalan  Ministry  of  Health  is  hiding  a  COVID-19  case  in  a  hospital  in  the  city  of  Amatitln.
We  have  released  two  new  API  fields  breaking  COVID-19  death  counts  into  probable  and  confirmed  categories  for  the  24  states  that  offer  them.  
State-wise  details  of  Total  Confirmed  cases  (till  22  September  2020  8  AM)  States  with  1-20000  confirmed  cases  States  with  20001-135000  confirmed  cases  States  with  135000+  confirmed  cases  Total  no.  of  confirmed  cases  so  far  
Theres  a  camel  libraryin  Ethiopia  that  has  reached  more  than  22,000  children  forced  out  of  by  Education  for  all!  
KOWHEORI-19  (COVID-19)  Update  There  are  three  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  New  Zealand  today  all  detected  in  recent  returnees  in  managed  isolation  facilities.  There  are  no  new  community  cases.
Are  You  Panicking  About  Covid-19  Enough?  Follow  Our  Guide  
COVID-19  UpdateThere  are  four  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report  ;  two  community  cases  and  two  cases  in  managed  isolation.Our  total  number  of  active  cases  is  71  -  of  those  36  are  imported  cases  in  MIQ  facilities  and  35  are  community  cases.
After  reviewing  the  current  research  available  on  the  drugs  the  FDA  determined  that  the  drugs  do  not  meet  "the  statutory  criteria"  for  emergency  use  authorization  as  they  are  unlikely  to  be  effective  in  treating  COVID.
New  study  The  flu  vaccine  is  'significantly  associated'  with  an  increased  risk  of  coronavirus
80%  of  cases  show  mild  or  no  symptoms  at  all.  These  cases  wont  be  in  isolation  facilities  under  normal  circumstances.  Asymptomatic  patients  are  primarily  isolated  to  prevent  transmission  of  the  virus  especially  to  their  loved  ones~  at  
A  message  chain  claims  that  Stanford  hospital  gives  advice  to  drink  water  every  15  minutes  in  order  to  prevent  COVID-19.
Rodrigo  Maia  president  of  the  lower  house  of  the  Congress  in  Brazil  voted  a  law  that  forbids  the  president  to  close  borders.
God  Has  Coronavirus  
India  has  tested  more  than  3.5  crore  people  for  so  far  resolutely  following  its  'TEST  TRACK
What  is  COVID-19?  is  a  respiratory  illness  that  spreads  through  contact  with  an  infected  person  or  contaminated  surface.  Most  patients  will  have  only  mild  symptoms.  Severe  illness  is  mostly  experienced  in  the  elderly  &amp;  those  with  chronic  conditions  
A  message  asked  people  not  to  eat  bakery  food  as  it  is  not  washable  even  if  infected  from  the  coronavirus,  using  a  logo  of  the  WHO.
WHO  stands  ready  to  support  Liberia  with  technical  resources  to  help  improve  the  country's  health  system  maintain  basic  health  services  and  fight  
Prolonged  use  of  masks  causes  lack  of  oxygenation.
Shadab  Khan,  He  has  11.8  M  Followers  on  Tik  tok.  Promoting  this  shameful  act!  How  disgusting  one  can  be?  His  tik  tok  account  needs  to  get  suspended.    Pls  &  look  into  it  
Images  of  gathering  of  BJP  members  in  Madhya  Pradesh  on  23  March  2020  despite  the  existing  lockdown  in  the  State.
People  will  not  be  allowed  to  organize  a  funeral  for  any  family  members  who  die  of  COVID-19.  Instead  the  state  will  take  care  of  the  disposal  of  the  body.
Bill  Gates  uses  COVID-19  to  implement  the  ID2020  chip  and  monitor  the  world.
Given  the  devastating  consequences  on  children  youth  and  our  societies  as  a  whole  the  decision  to  close  schools  should  be  a  last  resort  temporary  and  only  at  a  local  level  in  areas  with  intense  transmission-
Sky's  has  the  latest  after  Sir  Patrick  Vallance  warned  the  UK  could  have  49000  new  daily  cases  of  if  the  current  rate  is  not  halted  in  a  briefing  with  Prof  Chris  Whitty  on  the  latest  stats  Read  more:  
Rightmove  said  activity  -  aided  by  the  current  stamp  duty  holiday  -  was  being  driven  by  high  demand  for  gardens  and  more  space  to  work  from  home  as  disrupts  day-to-day  life  
We  generally  report  deaths  on  the  day  the  state  reports  them.  Some  states  also  provide  data  about  the  date  of  death.  We  compared  the  two  to  see  how  well  the  data  matches  up.  And  it  does  at  least  for  Florida  where  this  data  is  available.  
In  April  WHO  the  &amp;  other  partners  established  the  Access  to  Tools  Accelerator  to  speed  up  the  development  &amp;  manufacturing  of  vaccines  diagnostics  &amp;  therapeutics  and  to  ensure  fair  &amp;  equitable  access  for  all  countries-
Says  the  Vatican  reports  that  Pope  Francis  tested  negative  for  the  coronavirus  before  a  second  test  came  back  positive.
FDA  announced  It  will  authorize  the  emergency  use  of  convalescent  blood  plasma  for  COVID-19  treatment.  See  what  this  means.  
Costcos  own  brand  Kirkland  Tuna  is  the  best.  So  dont  throw  that!  Save  it  for  the  next  covid  lockdown
To  ensure  a  healthy  life  for  your  child  dont  miss  their  scheduled  vaccination  due  to  ongoing  situation.  While  at  the  doctors  take  extra  precautions  to  avoid  getting  .  For  more  details  visit  
Indias  confirmed  case  count  rises  to  11.1  lakh  as  the  country  records  a  single-day  jump  of  over  40000  new  infections.  Human  trials  of  Covaxin  Indias  potential  vaccine  against  COVID-19  begin  today  in  the  All  India  Institute  of  Medical  Sciences.  
Not  really.  At  least  not  with  the  type  of  tests  that  are  currently  being  used.  They're  pretty  complex  and  they  require  specialized  supplies  that  are  not  available  in  huge  quantities.  -
According  to  the  CDC  so  far  this  year  Florida  has  had  1762  deaths  from  COVID-19  and  5185  from  pneumonia.  Average  pneumonia  deaths  in  Florida  from  2013-2018  for  the  same  time  period  are  918.
Five  new  cases  of  have  been  confirmed  in  Nigeria:  2  in  FCT  2  in  Lagos  &amp;  1  in  Edo  2  cases  are  returning  travellers  from  the  UK  As  at  09:45  am  on  23rd  March  there  are  35  confirmed  cases  of  in  Nigeria.  2  have  been  discharged  
The  first  case  is  a  man  in  his  20s  who  arrived  in  New  Zealand  from  India  on  22  June.  He  has  been  staying  at  the  Grand  Millennium  Hotel  and  tested  positive  for  COVID-19  as  part  of  routine  testing  around  day  3  of  his  stay  in  the  facility.
Update  from  There  are  no  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  NZ  today.  Our  total  number  of  cases  is  1157.  This  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  WHOOur  combined  total  of  confirmed  and  probable  cases  remains  at  1507.  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Weve  now  tracked  7.8  million  tests  up  215k  from  yesterday  in  bit  down  from  recent  numbers.  Note  that  we  can  only  track  tests  that  a  state  reports.  For  details  see:  
India  has  the  highest  recovered  cases  in  the  world.  India  contributes  17.7%  share  in  the  total  cases.  However  in
We  just  announced  positive  interim  Phase  1  data  for  our  mRNA  vaccine  (mRNA-1273)  against  novel  coronavirus.  Read  more:  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  States  reported  675k  tests  43k  cases  and  1249  deaths.  
All  International  passengers  landing  at  Mumbai  airport  have  to  undergo  7  days  paid  &amp;  thereafter  7  days  In  case  passenger  requests  for  an  exemption  for  quarantine  from  (1/2)  
NYC  man  drops  dead  in  middle  of  street  "  suspected  coronavirus!
The  Canadian  government  has  not  enacted  a  law  that  criminalizes  COVID-19  restrictions  or  prevents  enforcement  of  those  guidelines.  
Hydroxychloroquine  +  azithromycin  is  associated  with  significant  CV  risk  in  RA  patients  a  large  safety  study  finds.  
So  2  doctors  from  Bakersfield  discover  that  coronavirus  mortality  rate  is  0.03%.  13x  less  deadly  than  what  was  previously  thought!  Their  analysis  has  since  been  banned  from  YouTube.
We  know  that  public  health  officials  are  in  an  unprecedented  situation  and  we  deeply  appreciate  their  dedication.  We  know  putting  out  up-to-date  COVID  data  is  difficult.  And  we've  identified  six  changes  Florida  could  make  to  maximize  the  usefulness  of  their  data.  
A  sample  of  COVID-19  patients  reported  typical  symptoms  such  as  fever  cough  shortness  of  breath  but  also  symptoms  like  fatigue  diarrhea  muscle  aches  headache  and  chills.  Read  more  about  symptoms  in  today's  
WHO  director  overstated  COVID-19  fatality  rate  as  higher  than  flu.
CDC  offers  technical  assistance  &amp;  resources  to  help  inform  state  &amp;  local  school  systems  as  they  work  with  health  officials  to  make  community-based  decisions  on  opening  K-12  schools  during  the  pandemic.  
Trump:  "I  took  over  a  country  whose  military  was  depleted  and  whose  cupboard  on  this  front  (COVID-19)  were  bare.  The  cupboards  were  bare.  We  didnt  have  anything.  We  didnt  have  a  thing."  
Post  Covid-19  Impact  on  Dietary  Supplements  Personalized  Nutrition  Market  Revenue  and  Growth  ...  
Kia  ora  Rick  this  person  is  not  yet  considered  recovered.  Though  it  is  unusual  some  cases  of  COVID-19  can  last  up  to  6  weeks.
A  picture  shows  the  Ibirapuera  Gymnasium  temporary  hospital  in  So  Paulo  empty.
As  of  today:  Nine  vaccine  candidates  are  already  in  the  COVAX  portfolio  and  going  through  Phase  2  or  3  trials;  and  this  portfolio  already  the  broadest  in  the  world  is  constantly  expanding-
The  corona  virus  source  is  found.  It  turns  out  that  many  roofs  in  Hubei    China  are  covered  with  chrysanthemum  bats,  a  type  of  bat.
We  are  now  looking  at  our  surveillance  data  with  a  bit  more  depth.  About  50%  of  all  cases  are  reported  in  10  high  incidence  local  government  areas.  We  will  focus  our  resources  in  areas  where  theyre  needed  the  most~  
COVID-19  Update  Today  there  are  12  new  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  five  are  in  the  community  and  seven  are  imported  cases  in  managed  isolation.  The  five  community  cases  are  all  linked  to  the  Auckland  cluster.  
But  you  can  always  get  that  day  over  day  if  you  go  in  the  spreadsheet  and  look  at  the  States  Daily  and  US  Daily  sheets.  We  just  try  to  keep  it  a  little  fresh  for  you.
Fewer  kids  are  dying  since  the  lockdown  -  A  new  white  paper  examines  why.  
Of  the  guests  who  were  at  the  Novotel  with  the  two  women  from  the  UK  there  are  5  outstanding  out  of  190.  All  staff  have  now  been  contacted.Of  the  2159  there  are  now  1184  who  have  tested  negative.  800  were  tested  before  they  left.
Aren't  hospitals  doing  the  business?  I  have  huge  respect  for  docs  but  the  management...  Charging  lakhs  n  lakhs  for  PPE  from  every  patient.    Steam  inhalation  is  advised  by  many  docs.    Pharmacy  has  taken  most  advantage  of  this  pandemic.  Selling  50  rs  mask.for  250  or  300..
Update:  This  pandemic  is  far  from  over.  
Nearly  half  of  (Missouri)  counties  have  not  reported  positive  (COVID-19)  cases.
With  nearly  60000  new  cases  recorded  India  is  inching  towards  24  lakh  confirmed  cases  soon.  A  Supreme  Court  panel  recommended  resumption  of  physical  hearings  in  two  or  three  courtrooms  on  a  trial  basis  in  two  weeks.  
The  pandemic  that  first  struck  in  major  metropolises  is  now  increasingly  finding  its  front  line  in  the  countrys  rural  areas;  counties  with  acres  of  farmland  cramped  meatpacking  plants  out-of-the-way  prisons  and  few  hospital  beds.  
.was  right.  Urgent  cancer  referrals  made  by  GPs  are  down  60%.  
Take  steps  to  keep  your  friends  and  family  safe  when  visiting  those  at  higher  risk  for  severe  illness  from  Learn  more  at  
Thanks  to  support  from  Japan  and  Kuwait  WHO  delivered  CT  scan  machines  &amp;  personal  protective  equipment  to  health  workers  in  Iran  helping  the  country  strengthen  its  national  response  &amp;  improve  clinical  diagnosis.  
India  sees  an  unprecedented  surge  in  Recoveries  !  Nearly  75000  recoveries  in  last  24  hours  Total  number  of  Recover
The  World  Health  Organisation  has  warned  there  is  a  'real  risk'  of  a  second  lockdown.  Follow  live  
India's  main  opposition  party  (Congress)  general  secretary  Priyanka  Gandhi  arranged  1000  buses  to  take  home  the  migrants  stuck  in  the  state  of  Uttar  Pradesh.
More  racist  shit  to  distract  you    Illegal  immigration's  happening  worldwide,  engineered  by  all  UN  member  nations  to  distract  attention  from  the  real  issue  Totalitarianism,  the  fake  pandemic  and  the  removal  of  human  rights  in  the  development  of  mass  democide  and  a  
Bhutan  has  zero  COVID-19  cases  thanks  to  its  vegetarian  diet.
A  voice  note  says  that  the  government  will  apply  a  total  lockdown  for  two  months.
Coronavirus:  Travel  and  hospitality  stocks  hit  by  fears  of  second  national  lockdown  
With  todays  five  new  cases  our  total  number  of  active  cases  is  129.  Of  those  35  are  imported  cases  in  MIQ  facilities  and  94  are  community  cases.
Today  at  2pm  ET  log  in  to  COCA  Facebook  profile  or  call  in.  COCA  Call  Topic:  in  the  United  States:  Insights  from  Healthcare  Systems.  Learn  more  about  the  event  at  
None  of  the  pregnant  women  who  experienced  stillbirth  had  symptoms.  
Trump  ensures  America's  stimulus  checks  will  bounce  by  writing  his  name  on  them    
Modern  day  Shakespeare?  This  woman  wrote  another  explicit  One  Direction  fanfic  during  quarantine  
Joe  Exotic  tests  positive  for  coronavirus  in  prison.  Its  been  confirmed.
AIIMS  (Indian  medical  institute)  team  has  said  that  Toddy  has  medicinal  properties  to  cure  coronavirus.
It  is  very  suit  for  our  Who  struggle  to  drive  our  "economy  &amp;  manage  funds"  Pre  COVID.19."Baselessly/Recklesslly  spent  .  Hard  earned  tax  payers  money.  Already  looted  RBI  .Now  begging  for  fund  from  IMF.  PSBs  be  looted  by  "Kins  of  PSBs  chairman  ..!"..1  is  not  lend...2  
We  now  have  1398  people  reported  as  recovered  from  COVID-19.  This  is  93%  of  all  cases.Today  there  are  two  people  in  hospital  with  COVID-19  one  each  in  Middlemore  and  North  Shore  hospitals.  Neither  is  in  ICU.  There  are  no  additional  deaths.
Newly  updated  information  on  HCQ  for  coronavirus.  
_An  image  has  been  shared  hundreds  of  times  in  multiple  Facebook  posts  in  August  2020  which  claim  it  shows  Chinese  tourists  allowed  to  go  out  of  the  Auckland  bubble.  The  posts  were  shared  after  New  Zealand's  government  reimposed  a  coronavirus  lockdown  on  the  city  of  Auckland  after  it  recorded  the  countrys  first  local  transmissions  of  COVID-19  in  more  than  100  days._
The  UK  faces  another  national  lockdown  "in  short  order"  unless  people  abide  by  new  restrictions  a  government  adviser  warns  
Even  with  the  uncertainty  of  testing  in  Florida  and  elsewhere  cases  nationwide  have  trended  down  for  the  past  week.  Deaths  however  continue  to  climb  towards  a  7-day  average  of  1100.  
Top  cardiology  societies  provide  strategies  for  ramping  up  elective  cardiology  procedures  once  COVID  lockdown  is  lifted.  
California  reported  more  than  6k  backlogged  cases.  The  state  has  now  committed  to  assigning  those  cases  to  the  correct  date.  We'll  adjust  our  values  as  soon  as  the  state  makes  the  correct  date  figures  available.  This  will  shift  many  positive  cases  reported  today  to  earlier  dates.
Trump  said  "people  are  dying  who  have  never  died  before".
Demonstrators  protesting  against  masks  vaccines  and  lockdown  measures  have  clashed  with  police  in  central  London.  For  the  latest  on  visit  
All  good  ideas  but  honestly  were  just  keeping  the  engine  running  and  wheels  on  right  now.  -
Corticosteroids  are  listed  in  the  WHO  Model  List  of  Essential  Medicines.  They  are  readily  available  globally  at  a  low  cost.  More:  
Army  to  combat  COVID-19  by  ignoring  it,  punishing  soldiers  who  follow  testing  directives  
Prepare  for  the  possible  spread  of  in  your  community.  Preparation  is  especially  important  for  older  adults  and  people  with  underlying  medical  conditions.  Learn  what  actions  you  should  take:  
The  chemical  Methylxanthine,  Theobromine  and  Theophylline  stimulate  compounds  that  can  ward  off  these  virus  in  a  human  with  at  least  an  average  immune  system.  Whats  more  shocking  is  that  these  complex  words  that  were  so  difficult  for  people  in  China  to  understand  is  actually  called  COFFEE  in  India,  YES,  our  regular  COFFEE  has  all  these  chemicals  already  in  it.
Recovery  Rate  stands  at  71.17%.  Case  Fatality  Rate  further  reduced  to  1.95%.
Trump  Could  Have  Saved  Valet,  Secretary  From  Virus  
The  UN  estimates  those  Yemenis  who  contract  are  dying  in  record  numbers.  Chief  Executive  of  the  Disasters  Emergency  Committee  Saleh  Saeed  joins  to  discuss.  0730  Channel  501  Watch  live:  
Just  think  of  the  increasing  rate  of  corona  in  the  month  of  July!  It  only  depends  on  today's  action  that  will  reflect  tomorrow..if  today  we  are  not  well  then  where  we  will  stand  tomorrow?  Health  is  more  important  than  exams!    
India  continues  to  scale  new  peaks  in  tests  More  than  11.70  lakh  samples  tested  for  2  consecutive  days  Despite  the  very  high  testing  levels  Daily  Positivity  rate  is  below  7.5%  and  Cumulative  Positivity  Rate  is  less  than  8.5%  
Coronavirus  detection  is  possible  by  holding  your  breath  for  10  seconds
A  photo  shows  a  large  crowd  in  Berlin  protesting  the  covid  hoax.
India  has  one  of  the  lowest  mortality  globally  with  less  than  2%  Case  Fatality  Rate.  As  a  result  of  supervised  home  isolation  &amp;  effective  clinical  treatment  many  States/UTs  have  CFR  lower  than  the  national  average.  
The  remaining  384  were  tested  after  departure.  134  have  been  referred  for  a  test.  Were  still  in  the  process  of  connecting  with  the  balance.  We  will  refer  them  to  finding  services.  137  people  will  not  be  tested  for  a  range  of  reasons.  68  have  refused  testing.
As  at  09:30  pm  29th  March  there  are  111  confirmed  cases  1  death  For  a  breakdown  of  cases  by  states  in  real  time  please  see  Currently;  Lagos-  68  FCT-  21  Ogun-  3  Enugu-  2  Ekiti-  1  Oyo-  7  Edo-  2  Bauchi-  2  Osun-2  Rivers-1  Benue-  1  Kaduna-  1
18  states  posted  record  highs  for  new  cases  since  Sunday  35%  of  US  states.  
Over  10000  healthcare  workers  have  been  trained  &amp;  additional  personal  protective  equipment  has  been  distributed  to  all  states  Despite  challenges  we  remain  committed  to  establishing  a  solid  supply  chain  to  ensure  they  can  work  safely  &amp;  are  properly  equipped  -HE  
A  California  Circuit  Judge  Shoots  Down  President  Trumps  Coronavirus  Miracle  Disinfectant  Cure  
God  tests  positive  for  COVID-19  after  church  services  continue    
Indias  average  positivity  rate  stands  at  8.89%  as  on  date.  28  States/UTs  with  positivity  rate  less  than  10%.  
The  gap  between  Recoveries  and  Active  Cases  continues  to  widen.  The  Recoveries  are  more  than  3  times  the  Active  Cases.  
COMING  UP  TONIGHT!!!  Our  Head  of  Prevention  Programme  &amp;  Knowledge  Management  will  be  on  to  discuss  Tune  to  on  DSTV  Channel  to  join  the  conversation.  Time  -  10pm  
India  scales  a  new  peak  with  5  Crore  total  COVID-19  tests.  Glance  through  the  graphical  representation  to  know  more!  
is  presently  being  implemented  by  the  Central  Government  in  12  States.  
One  article  of  "Le  Parisien"  French  journal,  published  in  2013,  reveals  that  COVID-19  was  created  by  Chinese  scientists.
A  case  of  coronavirus  was  confirmed  in  Cali  in  Colombia  and  a  video  shows  doctors  treating  patients  in  a  bus  station.
Prior  to  the  economic  downturn  caused  by  COVID-19,  the  United  States  economy  was  at  its  greatest  ever  peak.
Concerned  about  survival,    please  try  to  avoid  traveling  through  flight,  metro,  where  all  gate  and  window  closed,    Government  should  take  respective  measures  for  safety  of  people  against  such  incidents,
recommends  a  positive  test  rate  of  less  than  10%  before  reopening.  The  countries  most  successful  in  containing  COVID  have  rates  of  3%  or  less.  Testing  capacity  is  a  vital  metric  to  consider  when  
Corona  virus  finally  died  today  in  india  due  to  shock.  
More  than  6  lakh  tested  for  in  24  hours  for  2nd  day  in  a  row.  
This  is  Dr.  Li-wen  Liang's  funeral  ceremony.
Did  you  see  false  information  regarding  lockdowns  in  Australia  this  week?  It  was  also  happening  overseas.  Fact  checkers  around  the  world  were  working  quickly  to  debunk  the  false  information:  Via  
According  to  a  report  by  the  WHO  coronavirus  lives  the  longest  in  the  cabbage  layer.  Elsewhere  the  virus  lives  for  9-12  hours  whereas  in  cabbage  this  virus  lives  for  more  than  30  hours.  People  of  all  cities  are  requested  not  to  eat  cabbage.
We  think  of  it  as  setting  up  a  roadblock.  If  you're  someone  who  can  make  this  chart  and  knows  how  to  think  about  this  data  then  fine.  If  you're  someone  who  will  tweet  a  high  number  without  putting  those  error  bars  in  your  mind  that's  bad.  We  don't  need  any  more  virality.
A  quarter  of  teaspoon  of  Kalonji  seeds  can  prevent  COVID-19  infection.
Our  daily  update  is  published.  States  reported  508k  tests  22k  cases  and  358  deaths.  These  are  low  figures  for  a  Tuesday  as  reporting  is  likely  impacted  by  the  holiday  weekend.  WA  reported  no  numbers  today  as  the  state  website  is  down  due  to  local  storms.  
Shanghai  and  Beijing  had  no  cases  of  coronavirus.
Angela  Rayner  says  the  government's  figures  show  an  average  of  62000  coronavirus  tests  are  conducted  daily  and  asks  how  the  Prime  Minister  can  explain  this.  PM  insists  tests  are  up  to  240000  a  day  this  week.  Follow  live:  
When  will  a  Covid-19  vaccine  be  available  to  the  public?  No  one's  sure  yet  but  the  target  is  sometime  in  early  2021.  
The  California  Situation  continues.  Just  to  do  the  math:  if  the  positive/negative  ratio  stays  the  same  (a  big  assumption)  there  could  be  more  than  10k  additional  positives  in  California  which  would  give  the  state  the  second-most  confirmed  cases  in  the  nation.  
We  just  announced  that  the  first  participants  in  each  age  cohort  have  been  dosed  in  the  Phase  2  study  of  our  mRNA  vaccine  (mRNA-1273)  against  novel  coronavirus.  Read  more:  
To  date  a  total  of  18  contact  alerts  have  been  issued  through  the  app  to  let  people  know  they  may  have  been  exposed  to  COVID-19  so  they  can  take  appropriate  steps  to  protect  themselves  their  whnau  and  the  community.
A  video  shows  a  naked  man  vandalizing  a  "mosque"  linking  him  with  coronavirus  pandemic  in  India.
Some  reporters  visited  the  British  Prime  Minister  Boris  Johnson  after  he  recovered  from  his  illness.  His  home  looks  like  an  old  abandoned  military  hut  with  very  old  brick  walls.  The  living  room  was  too  small  so  brought  out  the  tea  tray  for  the  reporters.  All  the  cups  are  different.  He  met  them  with  disheveled  hair  and  casual  clothes  but  with  the  confident  smile  of  a  Prime  Minister
RT-PCR  and  Rapid  Antigen  Test  (RAT)  capacities  have  been  substantially  scaled  up  in  all  States.  Everyday  on  an  average  more  than  9.5L  samples  are  tested  by  Govt  labs  &amp;  more  than  1.2L  in  Pvt  labs.  
Muammar  Gaddafi  predicted  the  current  coronavirus  pandemic  and  warned  it  would  be  created  by  the  same  people  who  would  then  sell  the  "antidotes."
NBA:  Drug  Testing,  Groupies,  and  the  Bubble  
A  reminder  about  maintaining  good  hygiene:  wash  your  hands  often  cough  or  sneeze  into  your  elbow  and  stay  at  home  if  youre  unwell.
Finally  a  INDIAN  student  from  PONDICHERRY  university,  named  RAMU  found  a  home  remedy  cure  for  Covid-19  which  is  for  the  very  first  time  accepted  by  WHO.  He  proved  that  by  adding  1  tablespoon  of  black  pepper  powder  to  2  table  spoons  of  honey  and  some  ginger  juice  for  consecutive  5  days  would  suppress  the  effects  of  corona.  And  eventually  go  away  100%.  Entire  world  is  starting  to  accept  this  remedy.  Finally  a  good  news  In  2020!!  PLEASE  CIRCULATE  THIS  INFORMATION  TO  ALL  YOUR  FAMILY  MEMBERS  AND  FRIENDS.
The  global  death  count  of  COVID-19  is  much  lower  than  other  diseases  including  tuberculosis,  hepatitis  B,  pneumonia,  HIV/AIDS,  malaria,  and  many  others.
Over  2  crore  tests  conducted  so  far;  more  than  6.6  lakh  tests  conducted  in  24  hours.  Recovered  cases  are  now  double  of  activ
Hospitalized  patients  should  all  undergo  MRI.  
The  total  combined  number  of  confirmed  and  probable  cases  in  New  Zealand  is  1490.  1347  people  have  recovered  90%  of  our  confirmed  and  probable  cases  are  now  recovered.  7812  tests  were  processed  yesterday.  This  brings  the  total  number  of  tests  to  175835.
The  weekend  lag  effect  is  pronounced  in  death  reporting.  For  example  last  week  CA  reported  6  deaths  on  Monday  then  111  on  Tues.  AZ  reported  1  death  Mon  then  117  on  Tues.  Today  AZ  reported  8  deaths.  CA  23.  All  these  data  are  the  outputs  of  complicated  human  processes.  
Panama  Plans  To  Shut  Down  The  Panama  Canal  
Steps  to  take  when  cases  occur  in  offices  In  general  staff  showing  flu-like  illness  shouldn't  attend  office  and  seek  medical  advice  But  when  people  show  symptoms  within  office  spaces:  Isolate  the  ill  person  from  the  other  employees  
by  inhaling  steam  from  boiling  sea  salt  and  orange  peelings  for  15  minutes  can  prevent  coronavirus  from  entering  the  body.
Our  combined  total  of  confirmed  and  probable  cases  remains  at  1504.  The  number  of  recovered  cases  is  unchanged  at  1481.  Only  one  case  remains  active.  There  are  no  additional  deaths  to  report.  There  is  no  one  in  New  Zealand  receiving  hospital-level  care  for  COVID-19.
Audio  from  WhatsApp  that  says  there  are  a  doctor  and  two  nurses  hospitalized  on  the  ICU  in  Terrassa  (Barcelona)
India  scales  another  peak.  In  last  24  hours  12  lakh  tests  were  conducted  across  the  country  which  is  an  all  time  record  high.  Total  tests  more  than  6.37  cr.  
_A  video  has  been  viewed  hundreds  of  thousands  of  times  on  Facebook  Twitter  and  YouTube  alongside  a  claim  that  it  shows  a  drone  launching  fireworks  at  people  who  breached  a  curfew  in  Malaysia  during  a  nationwide  coronavirus  lockdown._
IndianTelecommunication  Department  offering  free  internet  services  during  lockdown  to  work  from  home.
In  total  there  are  22  active  cases  of  COVID-19  in  New  Zealand  -  all  in  managed  isolation  or  quarantine  facilities.
Today  there  are  three  people  in  hospital  with  COVID-19  one  is  in  isolation  on  a  ward  in  North  Shore  Hospital.  Two  are  in  ICU  at  North  Shore  and  Waikato  hospitals.
Renowned  scientist  whistleblower  reveals  that  the  Corona  Virus  was  created  by  the  Chinese  government  as  a  bio-engineered  weapon.  She  is  so  brave!  May  The  Lord  protect  her!  Outside  of  Tucker  Carlson,  the  mainstream  media  refuses  to  report  this!  via  
Two  cases  previously  reported  in  Katsina  were  repeat  tests.  Therefore  as  at  11:55pm  May  2  2020  Katsina  State  has  a  total  of  38  confirmed  cases  
A  video  clip  shows  a  doctor  couple  who  died  after  treating  134  COVID-19  patients.
Measures  for  Easing  of  Lockdown  Phase  2  PUBLIC  SPACES:  Mandatory  use  of  face  masks  Mandatory  temperature  checks  Physical  distancing  of  2  metres  Facility/business  owners  must  provide  hand  washing  facilities  or  sanitisers  
India  touches  a  new  peak  of  719364  tests  in  a  day  taking  cumulative  testing  to  24106535.  With  highest  single  day  recoveries  of  53879  Recovery  Rate  improves  to  68.78%  today.  
Matt  Hancock  says  testing  capacity  is  at  "record  levels"  and  urges  people  to  only  get  a  test  if  they  have  symptoms  Get  more  on  this  story:  
From  next  week  our  vaccine  trial  will  be  expanding  to  six  additional  centres.  The  200  additional  participant
In  Bidens  attacks  on  Trump  about  the  covid  vaccine  several  of  his  claims  were  generally  accurate  or  in  line  with  predictions  from  experts.  However  he  exaggerated  when  he  accused  the  Trump  administration  of  not  having  a  plan.  
India's  recovery  rate  improves  to  76.94%  as  on  September  01  2020  Steady  improvement  in  India's  COVID-19  recovery  rate  since  initiation  on  March  25  2020  Via  
Stoner  Strung  Out  To  Fuck  Thanks  To  Lockdown  Restrictions  
Serum  Institute  of  India  which  has  a  manufacturing  partnership  with  AstraZeneca  to  produce  Oxford  Universitys  Covishield  vaccine  has  already  denied  this  report  &amp;  said  that  it  would  confirm  availability  officially  only  once  the  vaccine  is  proven  immunogenic  and  efficacious.
Once  again  the  state  data  on  current  COVID-19  hospitalizations  is  unstable.  CA  SC  and  TX  have  all  posted  notices  stating  their  hosp.  data  is  incomplete  because  of  the  HHS  changeover.  Weve  maintained  the  freeze  on  their  hospitalization  data  again.  More  on  that  tomorrow.
Even  with  a  high  level  of  testing  in  India  recently  the  positivity  has  remained  low  i.e.  8.81%  compared  to  the  weekly  national  average  ie.  8.84%  which  is  a  good  sign.  
WHO  reports  record  daily  increase  in  global  coronavirus  cases  up  over  292000  
China's  Communist  government  created  the  novel  coronavirus  in  a  laboratory  and  released  it  into  the  world  as  a  deadly  bioweapon.
We  now  have  1411  people  reported  as  having  recovered  from  COVID-19  an  increase  of  9  on  yesterday.  This  is  94%  of  all  cases.Today  there  are  two  people  receiving  hospital  level  care  for  COVID-19  one  each  in  Auckland  and  Middlemore  hospitals.  Neither  are  in  ICU.
Claim  that  supermarket  workers  are  required  to  have  a  flu  vaccination  or  face  dismissal.
Sadly  today  there  are  three  people  in  hospital  with  COVID-19  one  is  in  isolation  on  a  ward  in  Auckland  City  Hospital.  Two  are  in  ICU  at  North  Shore  and  Waikato  hospitals.  We  want  to  send  them  and  their  families  our  aroha.
Curious  to  understand  why  hospital  and  ICU  capacity  is  an  important  metric  when  looking  at  our  fight  against  COVID?  Like  subscribe  &amp;  share  this  video  to  help  us  empower  the  public  with  knowledge  resources  &amp;  confidence.  
Says  Donald  Trump  tweeted,  Corona  vaccine  from  Israel!  Stock  market  up!  Economy  even  stronger  now!  Besides  US,  Israel  best  at  inventions  Judaism,  olives.  Wonderful  vaccine,  will  stop  Corona  DEAD  around  world.  Cant  make  vaccines  when  being  bombed,  not  have  been  possible  without  peace  I  created  in  Israel!
In  Italy,  232  children  have  died  from  COVID-19
As  at  09:00  pm  30th  March  there  are  131  confirmed  cases  2  deaths  For  a  breakdown  of  cases  by  states  in  real  time  please  see  Currently;  Lagos-  81  FCT-  25  Ogun-  3  Enugu-  2  Ekiti-  1  Oyo-  8  Edo-  2  Bauchi-  2  Osun-2  Rivers-1  Benue-  1  Kaduna-  3
Our  daily  update  is  published.  States  reported  over  57K  new  cases  today  another  record  day  for  cases  the  third  this  week.  Were  at  721K  new  tests  today  a  huge  jump  and  our  first  day  over  700K.  There  were  635  reported  deaths  today.  
BREAKING:  London  Mayor  Sadiq  Khan  says  "it's  increasingly  likely"  that  additional  restrictions  will  "soon"  be  required  in  the  capital  to  "slow  the  spread  of  the  virus".  Latest  on  coronavirus  in  the  UK:  
A  growing  number  of  states  and  cities  are  requiring  a  face  covering  for  anyone  leaving  their  home.  Learn  more  about  the  best  materials  to  make  your  own  face  mask  and  how  to  properly  wear  and  care  for  them:  
In  Hyderabad  India  dogs  are  roaming  in  Osmania  Hospital  wards  amid  COVID-19  crisis.
_Indian  police  personnel  beaten  by  a  person  while  enforcing  lockdown.  Claim  made  through  an  image._
Cristiano  Ronaldo  will  convert  his  hotels  into  coronavirus  hospitals.
At  the  same  time  bilateral  vaccine  deals  and  vaccine  nationalism  could  compromise  equitable  access  and  hold  up  progress  for  all  countries  in  bringing  the  pandemic  to  an  end-
As  of  30  July  2020  a  total  of  525430  tests  have  been  performed  in  Bihar  of  which  20801  tests  were  done  in  the  last  24  hours.  
No.  This  is  exactly  how  it  was  transmitted.  Covid  is  endemic  in  bats/pangolins.  Not  come  from  eating  of  it  as  I  understand  it,  but  from  inhalation  of  dried  droppings  in  wet  markets.  Classic  vector.
no,  cause  if  they  dont  get  tested  then  there  wont  be  more  cases.  dont  you  remember  sir  donald  stating  that  to  the  very  dim-sighted  CDC?  they  also  probably  injected  lysol  vaccines,  so  they  are  immune  from  all  disease  and  maybe  if  theyre  lucky  might  become  mutated
if  you  hold  your  breath  as  the  cursor  moves  in  the  video,  you  dont  have  coronavirus.
The  director  of  a  major  hospital  in  So  Paulo  Brazil  has  recommended  drinking  fennel  tea  and  eating  bull's  liver  as  ways  of  prevention  against  COVID-19.
Do  you  have  questions  about  Find  answers  to  your  questions  on  our  updated  page:  
Were  starting  to  see  evidence  that  long-term  exposure  to  air  pollutionwhich  disproportionately  affects  communities  of  color  &amp;  low-income  communitiesis  linked  to  COVID-19  death  rates.  It's  past  time  we  treat  pollution  like  the  threat  to  our  health  it  is.  
Indias  total  recoveries  cross  23  lakh  recovery  rate  stands  at  75.27%  A  total  of  nearly  3.6  crore  tests  conducted;  T
COVID-19  Update  Today  there  are  7  new  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report  and  all  are  related  to  the  cluster  in  Auckland.  All  are  Auckland  based.  There  are  no  new  imported  cases.  Out  of  the  7  community  cases  2  are  linked  to  a  church  in  Auckland  and  2  are  household  contacts.  
India  climbs  another  historic  peak  of  more  than  13  lakh  tests.  More  than  13.80  lakh  tests  done  in  the  last  24  hours.  
Last  week  our  rapid  response  team  worked  with  Gombe  Ondo  Kogi  Abia  &amp;  Osun  states  to  assess  their  public  health  emergency  operations  centres  (PHEOC).  The  aim  of  the  exercise  is  to  make  the  State  PHEOCs  fit  for  purpose  to  prevent  and  mitigate  public  health  emergencies.  
This  virus  hasn't  gone  away.  We  cannot  be  complacent.  Director  of  Public  Health  for  Blackpool  Dr  Arif  Rajpura  says  while  he  is  concerned  about  rising  rates  in  parts  of  Lancashire  "we  need  to  make  sure  we're  following  the  guidance".  Latest:  
During  his  speech  on  the  last  night  of  the  RNC  Donald  Trump  pointed  to  a  strong  economy  secure  borders  and  his  coronavirus  response  as  reasons  why  Americans  should  re-elect  him  in  November.  We  fact-checked  him:  
We  dont  do  that  because  not  all  states  provide  negative  results  with  the  same  frequency  or  comprehensiveness.  At  this  point  I  dont  think  positive  rates  are  as  important  as  other  indicators.  -
Yesterday  our  laboratories  completed  3002  tests  of  which  2606  swabs  were  taken  in  the  community  and  396  were  taken  in  managed  isolation  and  quarantine  facilities.That  brings  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  468068.
Since  August  12  our  contact  tracing  team  has  identified  3989  close  contacts  of  cases  of  which  3978  have  been  contacted  and  are  self-isolating  and  we  are  in  the  process  of  contacting  the  rest.
As  a  presidential  candidate  Donald  Trump  promised  to  secure  4%  growth  for  the  national  economy.  But  he  hasn't  succeeded  even  before  the  coronavirus  pandemic  sent  the  economy  into  a  recession.  
The  lockdown  was  a  difficult  decision  but  a  short  term  strategy  to  prevent  an  exponential  increase  in  cases.  We  will  utilise  the  next  2  weeks  as  efficiently  as  possible  and  allow  the  economy  restart  in  order  to  protect  the  health  of  ~  
Anyone  on  the  flight  or  in  the  facility  at  the  same  time  as  the  cases  are  being  treated  as  if  they  are  close  contacts.  They  will  all  be  tested  and  isolated  until  a  negative  result  is  received.
Our  daily  update  is  published.  States  reported  586k  tests  28k  cases  and  224  deaths.  
Metformin  may  lower  risk  for  fatal  COVID-19.  
Are  just  99%  of  cases  totally  harmlessas  said?  No.  Even  limited  data  on  case  death  rate  so  far  shows  a  rate  four  times  higher.  And  then  there  are  the  people  the  virus  sends  to  the  hospital.  
all  the  people  treated  in  Rajasthan,  the  first  Indian  state  to  get  affected  by  COVID-19,  were  given  this  anti-malarial  drug.  It  further  advises  people  to  have  a  dose  of  400  mg  tablet,  twice  or  thrice  in  a  week.
1098621  tests  were  conducted  in  the  last  24  hours  testifying  the  enlarged  testing  capacity  in  the  country.  Details  :  
160  new  cases  of  FCT-39  Plateau-39  Lagos-30  Kaduna-23  Katsina-7  Rivers-6  Oyo-6  Yobe-3  Benue-3  Bayelsa-1  Abia-1  Edo-1  Ekiti-1  56177  confirmed  44088  discharged  1078  deaths  
After  Precious  woke  up  and  her  condition  improved  Dr.  Byer  and  a  resident  physician  rolled  a  tablet  computer  into  her  room.
A  message  claims  that  ingredients  in  coffee  can  cure  COVID-19  and  that  the  deceased  whistleblower  Li  Wenliang  found  its  cure
UPDATE  Measures  for  Easing  of  Lockdown  Phase  2  Curfew  from  10pm  to  4am  Restricted  opening  of  religious  centres  Funerals  limited  to  20  people  No  use  of  latex  gloves  for  non-medical  purposes  CLOSED:  Schools  bars  gyms  cinemas  restaurants  &amp;  nightclubs  
We  have  been  able  to  setup  High  throughout  laboratories  Machines  at  various  sites  and  these  have  the  capacity  of  testing  more  than  a  thousand  tests  at  one  place;  these  machines  have  been  set  up  in  Patna  Kolkata  Delhi  Mumbai  &amp;  Noida:  
65  people  in  Ahmedabad  tested  positive,  11  in  Kanpur  and  8  in  Lucknow  after  being  exposed  to  vegetable  infected  with  coronavirus
The  1st  death  in  Nigeria  has  been  recorded.  The  case  was  a  67  year  old  male  who  returned  home  following  medical  treatment  in  UK  He  had  underlying  medical  conditions-  multiple  myeloma  &amp;  diabetes  &amp;  was  undergoing  chemotherapy  Our  thoughts  are  with  his  family  
Bruno  Covas  Mayor  of  So  Paulo  admited  using  chloroquine.  He  banned  the  drug  in  So  Paulo.
The  religious  beliefs  of  some  Macedonian  citizens  are  being  used  to  create  panic  and  misinformation  about  the  new  coronavirus  by  citing  Russian  texts  portraying  it  as  the  beginning  of  a  worldwide  catastrophe.
President  Trump  did  sign  a  5G  bill  but  exposure  effects  are  misleading.
Lockdown  Wouldn't  Be  So  Bad  If  Man  Didn't  Have  Wife,  Kids,  Mortgage  
Multiple  posts  shared  thousands  of  times  on  Facebook  Twitter  and  YouTube  claim  that  salt  is  an  effective  remedy  against  the  novel  coronavirus.
Tonight  we  did  an  update  for  states  that  had  posted  new  data.  The  number  of  people  tested  crossed  3000.  
Although  these  metrics  provide  important  benchmarks  to  consider  they  are  not  the  end-all  measures  to  inform  whether  a  state  is  able  to  reopen  safely.  Its  a  case-by-case  decision  that  includes  other  factors  such  as  PPE  availability  ability  to  trace  positive  cases  and  more.
Four  men  were  tested  positive  to  COVID-19  in  Cameroon  and  ran  away  from  the  hospital.
We  will  do  whatever  is  humanly  possible  to  protect  our  care  homes  from  this  virus  so  theyre  a  place  of  sanctuary  this  winter.Health  secretary  Matt  Hancock  announces  the  Adult  Social  Care  Infection  Control  Fund  will  be  extended.  Get  more  here:  
The  states  seeing  record-high  averages  are  Alabama  Arizona  California  Florida  Nevada  North  Carolina  Oklahoma  Oregon  South  Carolina  and  Texas.  
At  his  press  briefing  President  Trump  defended  his  retweet  of  a  viral  video  in  which  a  doctor  with  a  track  record  of  bizarre  medical  claims  said  hydroxychloroquine  is  a  coronavirus  cure.  It's  not  a  cure.  
Disney  World  employee  just  now  realizing  he  forgot  to  put  food  down  for  Goofy  before  he  locked  up    
BREAKING!  Trump  fans  get  busy  injecting  bleach  to  own  the  Libs
NCDC  National  Reference  Laboratory  Abuja  has  been  selected  as  one  of  12  laboratories  in  Africa  to  provide  genomic  sequencing  capacity  for  on  the  continent
Latest  update  from  the  Ministry  of  Health:  There  are  no  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  New  Zealand.  Our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  remains  at  1154  our  combined  total  of  confirmed  and  probable  cases  is  1504  
Using  cypress  and  eucalyptus  vapor  as  a  treatment  against  COVID-19  works.
big  surge  in  New  Zealand.  It's  terrible.  We  don't  want  that.
Coronavirus  Cruise  Ship  Mutiny  In  Progress  
The  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  remains  at  1210  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  World  Health  Organization.  There  is  no  one  in  New  Zealand  receiving  hospital-level  care  for  COVID-19.
Democrats  to  blame  for  Covid-19  related  deaths.  They  control  the  drugs  against  the  virus.
Local  man  assures  shoppers  he  definitely  also  hoarding  toilet  paper  for  coronavirus    
Since  August  12  our  contact  tracing  team  has  identified  3918  close  contacts  of  cases  of  which  3912  have  been  contacted  and  are  self-isolating  and  we  are  in  the  process  of  contacting  the  rest.
Four  kids  who  took  the  coronavirus  vaccine  died  immediately.
India  has  substantively  ramped  up  its  testing  infrastructure  from  one  lab  in  Jan  2020  to  1370  labs  today.  Expanded  diagnostic  lab  network  &amp;  facilitation  for  easy  testing  across  the  country  has  given  a  boost  and  India  has  done  more  than  2  crore  tests  presently.  
!  India  has  substantially  ramped  up  its  testing  infrastructure  across  the  country.  As  on  date
State-wise  details  of  Total  Confirmed  cases(till  06  September  2020  08:00  AM)  States  with  1-15000  confirmed  cases  States  with  15001-100000  confirmed  cases  States  with  100000+  confirmed  cases  Total  no.  of  confirmed  cases  so  far  
Dr.  Rashid  Buttar  stating  Dr.  Anthony  Fauci  is  responsible  for  causing  the  new  Coronavirus  pandemic;  there  are  no  deaths  recorded  caused  by  COVID-19.
Only  Canadian  who  supports  reopening  US  border  catapulted  across  Detroit  River  
Today  we  announced  the  Stamp  it  Outplan  for  responding  to  new  cases  of  COVID-19  in  the  community.  Ongoing  elimination  continues  to  be  our  strategy  for  dealing  with  COVID-19  to  keep  New  Zealanders  safe.  There  is  no  evidence  of  community  transmission  to  date  1/10
A  post  says  that  a  2005  study  showed  chloroquine  was  effective  against  "COVID-(1).This  is  wrong.  Theres  no  such  thing  as  COVID-1  and  the  drug  wasnt  given  to  humans.  It  looked  at  primate  cells  infected  with  SARS.  
There  are  an  estimated  110000  cases  of  worldwide.  As  of  March  8  34  states  New  York  City  &amp;  DC  have  reported  nearly  500  cases  of  COVID-19.  Almost  half  of  reported  cases  are  in  California  &amp;  Washington  State.  See  Cases  in  the  US:  
&amp;  Mylan  Laboratories  Ltd  announce  partnership  to  identify  advance  therapeutic  options  for  management  of  A  series  of  clinical  trials  will  be  conducted  towards  new  and  innovative  solutions  to  manage  COVID-19  pandemic  in  India.  
Why  does  he  continue  to  ignore  experts  and  downplay  the  virus?  Why  does  his  cult  continue  go  along  with  it,  despite  the  evidence?  The  answer  lies  in  psychology.  Experts  accurately  predicted  how  he'd  react  in  a  real  crisis.  MSM  shut  them  out.  This  book  was  published  in  2017.  
Unprecedented  upsurge  in  testing.  India  touches  a  new  peak  of  4  cr  tests.  
The  schoolkidsguide  to  using  coronavirus  to  take  the  absolute  piss  
133  people  linked  to  the  cluster  have  been  moved  to  the  Auckland  facility  including  65  positive  cases.  There  are  6  people  receiving  Hospital  care  for  COVID-19.  1  is  in  Auckland  City  Hospital  4  are  in  Middlemore  and  1  is  in  Waikato  Hospital.
Blowing  hot  air  through  a  hairdryer  will  cure  coronavirus.
10  important  strategies  for  dealing  with  the  doomsday  scenario  of  flu  and  measles.  
COVID-19  is  a  bacterium  not  virus
China  is  planning  to  kill  coronavirus  patients.
This  is  the  regional  picture  for  hospitalizations.  The  South  is  approaching  the  Northeasts  peak  number  of  35001  on  April  14.  And  just  a  note:  Were  still  seeing  some  erratic  hospitalization  numbers  for  some  states.  
Reopening  schools  has  caused  a  flareup  of  contaminations  in  France.
Those  that  use  a  fabric  mask  after  wearing  place  in  ziplock  bag  and  microwave  2-3  minutes  to  sanitize.  Do  this  after  each  wear.
Most  key  indicators  used  to  track  such  as  the  percentage  of  deaths  attributed  to  pneumonia  influenza  or  COVID-19  fell  from  the  prior  week.  CDC  will  continue  to  monitor  closely  in  the  coming  weeks.  See  report:  
US  patent  2006257852  is  for  the  new  coronavirus.
CDC  Director  Robert  Redfield  says  healthy  people  should  NOT  wear  masks.
People  in  Italy  have  thrown  all  of  their  money  on  the  roads  outside  saying  that  this  money  is  useless  to  save  them  from  death.
A  video  accompanying  a  claim  shows  bodies  being  removed  from  a  hospital  in  Iran  during  the  novel  coronavirus  pandemic.
Images  circulating  on  Facebook  showing  an  article  published  in  2003  in  the  Clarn  newspaper  about  the  coronavirus.  They  are  spread  claiming  that  it  is  the  same  coronavirus  that  now  causes  COVID-19.
Six  new  cases  of  have  been  reported  in  Osun  State  Nigeria.  As  at  11:00  am  3rd  April  there  are  190  confirmed  cases  of  reported  in  Nigeria.  Twenty  have  been  discharged  with  two  deaths  
A  Facebook  user  claims  Melinda  Gates  divorced  her  husband  Bill  Gates  for  wanting  to  destroy  Africa.
WHO  supports  Maldives  with  technical  trainings  on  the  tool  that  helps  the  country  trace  patients  and  their  contacts.  This  has  been  a  key  contact  tracing  mechanism  for  its  national  COVID-19  operations.  
There  are  now  74  people  linked  to  the  Auckland  community  cluster  who  remain  in  the  Auckland  Quarantine  facility  that  includes  58  people  who  have  tested  positive  as  well  as  a  number  of  household  members.
Workplaces  can  present  unique  challenges  for  public  health  investigations.  created  a  toolkit  to  help  state  and
339  new  cases  of  139-Lagos  28-Kano  28-Oyo  25-Edo  22-Katsina  18-Kaduna  14-Jigawa  13-Yobe  13-Plateau  11-FCT  8-Gombe  5-Ogun  4-Bauchi  4-Nasarawa  3-Delta  2-Ondo  1-Rivers  1-Adamawa  7016  cases  of  in  Nigeria  Discharged:  1907  Deaths:  211  
There  has  been  a  unprecedented  surge  in  Recoveries  in  India.  There  is  more  than  100%  increase
With  no  new  cases  to  report  and  7  additional  recovered  cases  our  total  number  of  active  cases  is  70.  Of  those  33  are  imported  cases  in  MIQ  facilities  and  37  are  community  cases.
The  CDC  currently  reports  99031  deaths.  In  general  the  discrepancies  in  death  counts  between  different  sources  are  small  and  explicable.  The  death  toll  stands  at  roughly  100000  people  today.
The  is  suffering  but  rays  of  light  are  visible.  Several  vaccines  are  in  the  final  stages  of  their  trials.  Factorie
Trump  bailed  out  Wall  Street,  but  not  Main  Street.
Coronavirus  spreads  in  Ecuadorian  cities  (Quito  -  Guayaquil).
COVID-19  existed  before  2019.
This  video  shows  an  FBI  raid  into  a  synagogue  to  requisition  medical  devices.
GardaRaid  House  Of  Part  Time  Worker  Receiving  Extra  15  A  Week  From  Covid  Payment  
Proud  of  this  Indian  Muslim  Man.  I  stress  Muslim  here  for  my  RW  friends  who  attribute  everything  bad  to  Muslims  but  never  stop  to  think  that  all  Muslims  are  not  the  same  like  all  Hindus  are  not.    Rs  50,000  Crore!  That's  How  Much  Azim  Premji  Will  Donate
However  only  14%  of  countries  reported  removing  user  fees  which  WHO  recommends  to  offset  potential  financial  difficulties  for  patients.-
The  Brazilian  doctor  Drauzio  Varella  defends  that  the  population  doesn't  need  a  lockout.
A  new  report  found  that  121  people  under  21  years  of  age  died  of  from  FebruaryJuly  2020.  3  out  of  4  deaths  occurred  among  Black  Hispanic  and  American  Indian/Alaska  Native  persons.  Learn  more:  
NEWS!  Boris  confirms  that  if  you  see  Covid-19  coming  then  you  should  just  dodge,  duck,  dip,  dive  anddodge  it  
Currently  there  is  no  evidence  that  COVID-19  is  spreading  by  handling  or  eating  food.  Kindly  refer  to  the  SOP  on  preventive  measures  in  Restaurants  to  contain  the  spread  of  COVID-19.  
As  we  celebrate  remember  to  limit  the  spread  of  around  you;  Avoid  sharing  personal  items  Wear  a  face  mask  Observe  physical  distancing  Wash  your  hands  often  Sneeze/cough  into  bent  elbow  Let's  celebrate  Sallah  safely.  
Our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  is  now  1176  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  World  Health  Organization.  Yesterday  our  laboratories  completed  5321  tests  bringing  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  392756.
Total  Cases  in  India  (as  on  September  16  2020)  78.53%  Cured/Discharged/Migrated  (3942360)  19.84%  Active  cases  (995933)  1.63%  Deaths  (82066)  Total  COVID-19  confirmed  cases  =  Cured/Discharged/Migrated+Active  cases+Deaths  
The  mortality  rate  for  the  flu  is  right  aroundthat  of  the  new  coronavirus  Its  right  around  2%.
Triump  Advocates  Middle  Ages  Bloodletting  
This  is  an  increase  of  4  from  yesterday  due  to  a  family  being  unable  to  be  tested  at  this  time.  3  are  waiting  results.  1  person  who  was  tested  is  now  not  returning  contact  and  this  has  been  referred  to  enforcement.  
Stop  in  for  a  tasty  fish  fry  and  a  refreshing  alcoholic  beverage...alcohol  kills  everything!!!!
BREAKING:  Trump  announced  the  U.S.  is  officially  leaving  the  World  Health  Organization  in  the  middle  of  a  pandemic.    WHO  is  currently  coordinating  international  vaccine  and  drug  trials  to  fight  
348  new  cases  of  Lagos-163  FCT-76  Ebonyi-23  Rivers-21  Delta-8  Nasarawa-8  Niger-8  Enugu-6  Bauchi-5  Edo-5  Ekiti-5  Ondo-5  Gombe-5  Benue-4  Ogun-2  Osun-1  Plateau-1  Kogi-1  Anambra-1  11166  cases  of  Discharged:  3329  Deaths:  315  
Due  to  the  fear  of  coronavirus  Muslims  in  China  are  offering  Namaz  in  the  open  street.
New  pulse  survey  on  the  impact  of  on  health  systems  finds  that  90%  of  105  countries  report  disruptions  to  essential  health  services  due  to  the  pandemic  
Civil  Services  Examination  in  India  has  been  cancelled  due  to  coronavirus  outbreak.
Principal  Secretary  to  Prime  Minister  comprehensively  reviews  preparedness  &amp;  response;  unlock  with  precautions  &amp;  preparedness  to  be  the  key  focus  areas.  The  stage  of  vaccine  development  and  vaccine  distribution  plan  also  discussed.  1/2  
NEW  PUBLICATION  Fungal  coinfections  complicate  challenging  task  of  managing  patients  COVID19  associated  pulmonary  aspergillosis  (CAPA)  increasingly  reported  Read  more  
Bollywood  actor  Aamir  Khan  is  helping  the  needy  during  the  COVID-19  crisis  by  sending  flour  bags  with  cash  in  them.
The  Chairman  of  the  Republican  Party  of  Texas  said  the  recovery  rate  for  COVID-19  is  99.9%  in  Texas.  Thats  False.  
The  total  tests  as  on  date  have  reached  39477848.  More  than  1  crore  samples  have  been  tested  for  in  the  past  two  weeks.  Details:  
CDC  Warns  that  Coronavirus  May  Linger  on  Petals,  So  Dont  Stop  and  Smell  the  Roses  
Colloidal  silver  can  cure  COVID-19.
Our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  is  now  1401  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  World  Health  Organization.  Yesterday  our  laboratories  processed  8599  tests  for  COVID-19  bringing  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  766626.
Leaked  Report  Says  There  Are  'Too  Many  Humans'  On  The  Planet  
Russias  President  Vladimir  Putin  claims  that  his  country  has  developed  the  first  coronavirus  vaccine  namely  Sputnik  V.  India  records  over  53000  new  cases  taking  the  countrys  overall  confirmed  case  tally  to  22.6  lakh.  
Remember  the  3  Ws  when  you  are  in  a  community  setting!  Wash  your  hands.  Watch  your  distance  (stay  6  feet  apa
_While  western  countries  have  been  busy  fighting  the  new  coronavirus  international  terrorism  has  stopped._
.to  award  $631  million  to  64  state  and  local  jurisdictions  in  support  of  our  Nations  response  to  These
Recording  yet  another  day  with  50000+  new  infections  Indias  confirmed  case  count  crosses  19  lakh.  Madhya  Pradesh  CM  Shivraj  Singh  Chouhan  has  been  discharged  from  Bhopals  Chirayu  Hospital  since  hes  recovered  from  COVID-19.  
about  the  Take  the  Arsenicum  30C  once  if  there  are  many  in  your  and  you  will  It  might  even  keep  you  
Local  Man  Sick  To  Fucking  Death  Hearing  About  The  Coronavirus  
A  friend  of  mine  checked  the  back  of  her  Clorox  wipes  and,  what  do  you  know,  the  human  coronavirus  is  listed  among  the  things  that  these  wipes  kill.  I  checked  our  wipes  and,  sure  enough,  it  is  listed.  So  my  take  is,  as  I  suspected,  this  is  no  NEW  VIRUSas  the  news  media  wants  us  to  believe.
New  autopsy  reports  suggest  Jeffrey  Epstein  most  likely  died  from  COVID-19  complications.
The  goal  of  the  mechanism  is  to  deliver  at  least  2  billion  doses  of  safe  effective  vaccines  by  the  end  of  2021.  As  governments  invest  trillions  into  economic  stimulus  the  COVAX  Facility  offers  a  huge  return  on  investment.-
As  at  09:30  pm  7th  April  there  are  254  confirmed  cases  44  discharged  6  deaths  For  more  info-  Lagos-  130  FCT-  50  Osun-  20  Oyo-  11  Edo-  11  Bauchi-  6  Akwa  Ibom-  5  Kaduna-  5  Ogun-  4  Enugu-  2  Ekiti-  2  Rivers-2  Benue-  1  Ondo-  1  Kwara-  2  Delta-  1  Katsina-1
We  could  see  100K  cases  a  day  Fauci  says  at  Senate  hearing.  
Thousands  volunteer  to  be  infected  with  coronavirus  in  the  hopes  of  accelerating  a  vaccine  
The  WHO  confirmed  asymptomatic  persons  can't  transmit  the  coronavirus  and  are  not  infectious
284  new  cases  of  199-Lagos  26-Rivers  19-Oyo  8-FCT  8-Borno  7-Plateau  6-Jigawa  5-Kano  2-Abia  1-Ekiti  1-Delta  1-Kwara  1-Taraba  6677  cases  of  in  Nigeria  Discharged:  1840  Deaths:  200  
People  knew  about  coronavirus  for  years  but  this  information  was  hidden  from  ordinary  people.  The  authorities  just  waited  for  the  right  time  to  launch  the  virus.
As  of  27  July  2020  there  are  347  active  cases  in  Paschim  Bardhaman  District  For  facilities  Bed  Availability  &amp;  Helpline  kindly  refer  to  
The  word  "coronavirus"  on  disinfecting  spray  reaffirms  that  the  virus  was  known  before  the  outbreak  and  could  be  planned.
A  May  13  study  in  The  Proceedings  of  the  National  Academy  of  Sciences  shows  that  talking  can  produce  thousands  of  saliva  droplets  that  stay  in  the  air  for  up  to  14  minutes.  
has  moved  to  green  on  our  COVID  Warning  Dashboard  indicating  that  they  are  on  track  to  contain  COVID.  Cases  are  steadily  decreasing  and  Michigans  COVID  preparedness  meets  or  exceeds  international  standards  across  our  key  metrics.  
Sign  up  for  our  newsletter  to  get  updates  from  The  COVID  Tracking  Project  and  opportunities  to  take  action  for  better  data:  
_A  video  of  a  woman  reciting  Sanskrit  verses  has  been  viewed  thousands  of  times  on  Facebook  and  Twitter  alongside  a  claim  that  she  was  delivering  sacred  verses  on  a  Spanish  radio  station  during  the  novel  coronavirus  pandemic._
(Former  U.S.  President  Barack  Obama)  set  up  anti-pandemic  programs  in  47  vulnerable  countries  as  a  way  to  protect  against  something  like  the  coronavirus.  Do  you  know  that  Trump  closed  37  of  them?
Axel  Kicillof  (Governor  of  the  Province  of  Buenos  Aires):  80  days  after  the  first  case  Argentina  has  10000  cases;  Chile  60  thousands  and  Brazil  200  thousands.
It's  not  entirely  clear  how  the  record  numbers  of  new  cases  will  translate  into  deaths  from  COVID-19.  Here's  why  it's  complicated:  
Metro  rail  Metro  will  be  allowed  to  operate  with  effect  from  7th  September  2020
During  Lock  down  period  such  a  fantastic  natural  scenery  on  sea  beach  near  Chandrabhaga,  Puri  to  Konark  marine  drive  road
_A  graphic  attributed  to  the  state-run  Philippine  News  Agency  (PNA)  that  features  a  purported  quote  from  Philippine  President  Rodrigo  Duterte  has  been  shared  in  multiple  posts  on  Facebook.  The  graphic  claims  that  Duterte  said  the  government  has  completed  distributing  cash  assistance  to  those  affected  by  the  novel  coronavirus  pandemic._
New  COVIDView  reports  hospitalization  rates  and  deaths  from  are  increasing.  Indicators  that  track  hospitalizations  and  deaths  usually  lag  behind  indicators  that  track  illness.  
Houseflies  can  transmit  the  COVID-19  virus.
MLB  Commissioner  Rob  Manfred  Says  That  the  Week-Old  Baseball  Season  Could  Be  Striking  Out  Pretty  Soon  
All  domestic  passengers  intending  to  exit  within  7  days  of  the  arrival  shall  be  exempted  from  provided  they  are  able  to  produce  a  confirmed  ticket  for  onward/return  journey  to  get  quarantine  exemption:  
The  novel  coronavirus  was  man-made.
Claim:  India  will  have  no  new  cases  by  May  16:  V.K.  Paul  of  COVID-19  Empowered  Group  1  on  Apr  24.  Fact:  India  has  reported  &gt;3000  new  cases  every  day  for  a  week.  Today  May  16  it  has  reported  3970  new  cases  
Pompeo  Says  SignificantEvidence  New  Coronavirus  Emerged  From  Chinese  Lab  
If  you  are  65  or  older  you  are  at  higher  risk  for  getting  seriously  ill  from  Learn  how  you  can  take  steps  to  protect  yourself  and  slow  the  spread  at  
A  video  of  a  Brazilian  man  claiming  that  azithromycin  and  ivermectin  cure  people  with  COVID-19.
NEW:  In  a  Sept.  15  interview  Fox  News  aired  a  conspiracy  theory  that  has  been  debunked  since  the  beginning  of  the  coronavirus  pandemic  
Increase  in  cases  of  pneumonia  in  Mexico.
There  are  currently  5246  people  in  managed  isolation  and  quarantine.  Our  current  effective  capacity  is  7077.  This  gives  us  an  excess  capacity  of  1831.  Over  the  next  week  we  are  projecting  3051  arrivals  and  2473  departures  from  our  facilities.
Nine  areas  in  England  have  rates  that  are  currently  higher  than  100  cases  per  100000  people  Public  Health  England  says.  Follow  live  updates  
WHY  CENSOR  HER?  Dr.  Li  Meng  Yan  claims  COVID  was  BIO-engineered  by  Red  C...  via  
Autohemotherapy  cures  COVID-19.
The  latest  CDC  report  shows  that  after  declining  for  several  weeks  the  percentage  of  people  testing  positive  nationally  for  increased  slightly  compared  to  last  week.  CDC  will  continue  to  monitor  this  indicator:  
Of  the  total  deaths  69%  deaths  are  concentrated  in  five  States/UT  of  Maharashtra  Tamil  Nadu  Karnataka  Andhra  Pradesh  and  Delhi.  For  more  details:  
Nevada  "quietly"  reversed  its  "decision  to  block  HCQ  prescriptions  for  COVID-19."
CDC  and  public  health  authorities  have  implemented  aggressive  measures  to  slow  and  contain  transmission  of  COVID-19  in  the  US.  Read  the  new  report  summarizing  measures  taken  and  preparation  for  possible  spread:  
At  the  time  of  the  study  the  most  common  signs  &amp;  symptoms  reported  by  patients  in  Nigeria  were  cough  and  fever.  In  addition  most  patients  who  died  were  reported  to  have  difficulty  in  breathing.  Most  people  who  died  were  61-70  years  of  age.
India  overtakes  USA  to  become  No.1  in  terms  of  global  recoveries  Total  recoveries  cross  42  lakh;  19%  of  global  Recoveries  India  scales  another  peak  of  single  day  highest  recoveries  More  than  95000  recovered  in  last  24  hrs:  
Italians  are  throwing  their  money  on  the  streets  as  it  is  useless  to  them  now  during  the  coronavirus  scare.
Latest  updates  from  Ministry  of  Health:  There  are  no  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  New  Zealand.  This  is  the  9th  consecutive  day  of  no  new  cases.Our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  remains  at  1154  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  World  Health  Organization.
.has  issued  SOP  on  preventive  measures  to  be  followed  while  conducting  examinations  to  contain  the  spread  of  
Corona  is  so  bad,  this  guy  died  twice!
CONFIRMED:  First  Irish  Corona  Casualty  As  Couple  Forced  To  Cancel  Holiday  
Overall  the  number  of  tests  that  came  back  positive  today  was  7.7%  the  highest  number  since  May  10.  The  South  and  West  are  driving  the  numbers  up.  
Dont  eat  cabbage,  as  per  WHO  report,  the  coronavirus  stays  in  cabbage  for  a  very  long  time.
Our  daily  update  is  published.  A  big  milestone  today:  states  reported  completing  over  100000  tests  yesterday.  The  cumulative  test  number  for  the  US  is  now:  519388.  Note  that  not  all  states  report  comprehensive  numbers.  For  details  see:  
Disaster  Management  Act  prohibits  people  from  posting  anything  about  coronavirus  on  social  media
It  will  take  a  collective  willto  avoid  300000  deaths  by  years  end.  
That  is  very  ,  very  true  ...  I  have  a  doctor  friend  in  South  Africa  who  told  me  all  the  Hydroxychloroquine  was  pulled  off  the  shelves  during  lockdown...  they  couldnt  get  it  anywhere
Video  of  a  COVID-19  patient  nearly  buried  alive  in  Kenya?
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Weve  now  tracked  5.6  million  tests  up  135k  from  yesterday  fewest  since  April  15.  Note  that  we  can  only  track  tests  that  a  state  reports.  For  details  see:  
Updated  coronavirus  clinical  reference  now  includes  evidence  for  increased  risk  of  younger  patients  with  obesity.  
Smart  City  Hospital  Launched  By  Bihar  Government  During  Covid-19  .    Treatment  under  swimming  pool
195  new  cases  of  82-Lagos  30-Kano  19-Zamfara  18-Sokoto  10-Borno  9-FCT  8-Oyo  5-Kebbi  5-Gombe  4-Ogun  3-Katsina  1-Kaduna  1-Adamawa  3145  confirmed  cases  of  in  Nigeria  Discharged:  534  Deaths:  103  
This  is  about  giving  the  hospitals  that  capacity  they  need  to  get  people  through  the  doors.Health  minister  Edward  Argar  explains  the  additional  150  million  funding  to  expand  and  upgrade  hospital  A&amp;Es  in  England.  
NEWS!  I  dont  need  Wetherspoons  to  reopensays  man  with  a  barrel  of  warm  piss  in  his  shed  
How  do  I  get  tested  for  1.  Call  your  state  hotline  2.  Stay  at  home  &amp;  wait  for  further  instructions  3.  The  state  team  will  arrange  for  sample  collection  &amp;  transportation  from  your  location  to  the  lab  4.  Remain  in  self-isolation  while  testing  is  on  
Kachiguda  Ramakrishna  hospital  is  sealedthe  whole  hospital  staff  is  positive,
Reduced  retail  activity  and  a  temporary  reduction  in  coin  production  both  due  to  COVID-19  caused  a  national  coin  shortage.  The  shortage  was  not  part  of  a  plan  to  eliminate  paper  money.  
Highest  ever  single  day  recoveries  of  66550  in  last  24  hours  India  scales  another  peak:  Total  recoveries  cross  24  lakh  More  than  100%  increase  in  Recovered  Cases  in  last  25  days  
One  more  important  point  about  and  face  coverings-  data  suggests  many  people  who  have  are  asympt
So  basically  Jokowi's  bet  with  Avigan(Favipiravir)  might  actually  paybacks  after  promising  result  in  treating  COVID-19  patients.
We  fact-checked  remarks  from  Trumps  adult  children  during  the  Republican  National  Convention:  Don  Jr.  on  the  COVID  relief  bill  Tiffany  on  health  care  and  Eric  on  immigration.  
If  you  tested  positive  for  and  have  no  symptoms  stay  home  and  away  from  other  people.  Learn  more  about  CDCs  recommendations  about  when  you  can  be  around  others  after  COVID-19  infection:  
In  covid19  repurposed  drugs  that  are  useful  are:    Antivirals-  Favipiravir,  Rendesiver  Antiparasitic-  Ivermectin  Antimalarial:  Hydroxychloroquine  Anttibiotics-  Azithromycin  /  Doxycycline  Immune  modulators:  Zinc,  Vitamins  C  &amp;  D,  Quercetin.  When  used  in  recommended  doses  can  help
India  reaches  another  record  of  highest  single  day  recoveries.  62282  recover  in  the  last  24  hours.  33  States/UTs  have  Recovery  Rate  more  than  50%.  
China  has  announced  the  success  of  Egyptian  serum  form  Dr.  Hala  Health  Minister  of  Egypt  against  coronavirus
New  Podcast:  Can  wearable  tech  +  AI  converge  to  predict  diseases  like  with  
Mask  wearers  beware.  A  caller  to  a  radio  talk  show  recently  shared  that  his  wife  was  hospitalized  and  told  she  had  COVID  and  only  a  couple  of  days  left  to  live.  A  doctor  friend  suggested  she  be  tested  for  legionnaires  disease  because  she  wore  the  same  mask  every  day  all  day  long.  Turns  out  it  WAS  legionnaires  disease  from  the  moisture  and  bacteria  in  her  mask.  She  was  given  antibiotics  and  within  two  days  was  better.  WHAT  IF  these  spikesin  COVID  are  really  something  else  due  to  mask-wearingCopied  and  pasted  and  checked  its  true!
Residents  of  York  are  asked  what  they  think  of  a  new  government  rule  which  allows  people  in  England  who  may  have  to  be  fined  up  to  10000  if  they  fail  to  self-isolate.  To  read  more  click  here:  
Hundreds  of  cases  of  multisystem  inflammatory  syndrome  in  children  have  been  reported  to  CDC  since  became  widespread  in  the  U.S.  Learn  more  about  how  this  condition  affects  children  and  teens  in  
As  of  1st  July  2020  has  safely  operated  785  Domestic  Flights  and  handled  71471  passengers.  
Nearly  59%  of  the  new  recoveries  came  from  these  five  States.  27  States/UTs  are  reporting  Recovery  Rate  more  than  70%.    
Our  daily  update  is  published.  States  reported  889k  tests  today  the  second-highest  total  ever  along  with  68k  cases.  States  reported  1308  deaths  today  as  the  7-day  average  continues  to  rise.  
2000  people  died  of  COVID-19  on  3/15/20  in  France.
Studies  on  children  transmitting  COVID-19  to  other  people  is  infrequent.  But  that  could  be  because  school  closures  reduced  the  opportunities  for  children  to  become  infected.
Look  at  what  Muslims  do  after  the  prayers,  as  they  gathered  in  hundreds,  Police  had  to  run  away  as  they  started  stone  pelting  ...  in  defiance  :    Should  Police  use  more  force  if  they  dont  obey  local  curfew  orders?    Police  in  India  does  not  enforce  with  guns  or  other  means  besides  lathi  (  cane)  charge  !  Live  and  let  live  rule  :  
There  is  no  space  in  the  hospitals  in  Italy  because  people  are  crowding  outside.
_China  has  successfully  developed  a  vaccine  ready  to  combat  the  coronavirus._
There  are  still  8  active  cases  and  no  one  in  hospitalThere  were  4255  lab  tests  done  yesterday  a  total  of  271690  tests  done.Today  sadly  we  announce  another  death  related  to  COVID-19  bringing  this  number  to  22  deaths.  
PCR  test  swab  length  "is  double  the  length  for  the  flu  test".
Its  never  a  matter  of  if  another  pandemic  will  happen,  its  just  a  matter  of  when  and  its  the  presidents  job  to  ensure  were  ready.    Donald  Trump's  careless,  shortsighted  actions  left  our  nation  ill-prepared  and  now  Americans  are  paying  the  price.  
Messed  up  with  wrong  person.  Corona.  Spitting  on  face  New  York,  an  islamic  jihadi  spits  into  a  metro  coach  passenger  just  as  the    door  closes.  Unfortunately  the  low  IQ  jihadi  picked  on  wrong  person,  he    forced  the  train  door  open,  thulped  the  jihadi  to  pulp  and  then  made  him  fall  on  the  ground  and  stomped  on  his  head...This  is  the  way  to  treat  these  spitting  and  lewd  behavior  jihadis.
Businesses  please  put  up  your  QR  codes.  If  youre  unwell  please  seek  advice  for  a  test.  Here  is  the  full  update  We  have  identified  29  cases  at  this  stage  -  all  remain  linked  to  one  cluster  in  Auckland.
Take  action  to  slow  the  spread  of  by  wearing  a  cloth  face  covering  in  public  spaces  keeping  at  least  6  feet  of  physical  distance  &amp;  frequently  washing  your  hands.  Make  a  cloth  face  covering  from  a  t-shirt  scarf  or  cloth  napkin.  Learn  more  at  
The  UK's  COVID-19  alert  level  has  been  moved  from  level  three  to  level  four  meaning  transmission  of  the  virus  is  high  or  rising  exponentially  
WEARING  a  face  mask  WRONGLY  is  as  good  as  NOT  wearing  a  mask  AT  ALL.  Remember  during  elections  you  can  come  in  contact  with  infected  people  with  no  symptoms  at  polling  stations.  to  keep  yourself  &amp;  loved  ones  safe.  Read  more  via:  
There  are  now  294  people  who  we  have  repeatedly  tried  to  make  contact  with  including  via  text  and  via  phone  calls.
A  man  and  woman  who  returned  to  work  in  Bolton  when  they  should  have  been  in  quarantine  have  been  issued  with  1000  fixed  penalty  notices  
NEWS!  UK  safe  from  coronavirus  as  Boris  Johnson  orders  All  is  wellto  be  painted  on  red  buses  
We  want  to  do  that.  And  believe  that  is  essential.  Just  havent  had  the  bandwidth  to  add  those  pieces  as  we  lock  down  sustainable  data  entry.  -
_A  video  has  been  viewed  tens  of  thousands  of  times  in  multiple  Facebook  Instagram  and  YouTube  posts  which  claim  it  shows  people  in  China  toppling  a  5G  tower  because  of  fears  that  it  cause  the  novel  coronavirus._
Man  To  Make  His  Own  Face  Mask  Out  Of  Baby  Diaper  
Our  challenge  now  is  to  take  the  tremendous  promise  of  the  ACT  Accelerator  and  COVAX  to  scale.  We  are  at  a  critical  point  and  we  need  a  significant  increase  in  countriespolitical  and  financial  commitment-
Our  US  Intervention  Model  projects  COVID  infections  hospitalizations  and  deaths  across  the  United  States  as  well  as  models  how  public  health  interventions  contain  the  spread  of  COVID  and  save  lives.
India  records  more  than  82000  Recoveries  for  two  days  in  a  row  Total  Recoveries  cross  40  lakhs  Recovered  Cases  exceed  Active  Cases  by  more  than  30  lakhs  
Actors"  applauded  Macron  when  he  visited  the  suburban  city  of  Pantin  near  Paris.    A  video  of  a  man  in  front  of  the  Pacaembu  Stadium  in  So  Paulo  where  a  field  hospital  for  COVID-19  patients  was  built.  He  claims  that  since  there's  no  movement  in  the  entrance  no  one  waiting  to  get  in  there's  no  one  inside  either.    The  dean  of  the  College  of  Biologists  of  Euskadi  states  that  there  are  a  lot  of  PCR  false  positives  and  asymptomatic  don't  spread  coronavirus.    In  Nagpur's  Medical  Hospital  the  kidney  of  the  patient  was  removed  and  the  excuse  was  made  that  the  patient  had  corona.    With  the  novel  coronavirus  sending  the  US  economy  into  freefall  posts  that  list  phone  numbers  for  job  seekers  to  call  and  find  work  have  been  shared  thousands  of  times  on  Facebook  and  Instagram.  People  in  Italy  are  threw  away  their  money  after  they  lost  their  family  members  to  coronavirus.  COVID-19  is  human-made  and  an  American  biological  weapon  Fish  tank  additive  may  treat  coronavirus.Everyone  is  only  dying  of  coronavirus  now.There  has  been  no  death  due  to  COVID-19  in  Israel  as  they  mix  lemon  and  baking  soda  in  their  tea.  This  combination  kills  coronavirus.    A  alleged  tweet  from  General  Heleno  Minister  of  Institutional  Security  (sort  of  like  Ministry  for  the  Interior)  in  Brazil.  It  says  COVID-19  is  not  strong  since  he  himself  and  president  Jair  Bolsonaro  had  it  and  recovered  easily.  Bolsonaro  always  denied  having  COVID-19.    A  post  says  that  Donald  Trump  has  said  on  March  17th  that  people  who  never  died  before  are  dying  now.    There  is  no  home  vaccination  against  coronavirus  in  Cuba.    Picture  shows  clothes  of  those  who  have  died  of  coronavirus  in  China.  Beijing  is  now  shipping  these  clothes  to  Africa.  An  American  CEO  drew  the  Indian  map  comparing  the  population  of  each  Indian  state  to  that  of  countries  across  the  world  highlighting  how  India  is  indirectly  handling  the  COVID-19  crisis  of  so  many  countries.  A  picture  showing  many  hospital  beds  with  patients  on  it  concentrated  in  very  small  area.  The  caption  states  that  this  is  how  public  health  was  like  in  Brazil  in  2016  but  the  media  never  talked  about  it.  President  Barack  Obama  waited  six  months  to  call  swine  flu  an  emergency  after  thousands  died.The  men  of  India's  railway  minister  demanding  money  from  helpless  workers  for  walking  on  the  tracks.  These  are  doctors  in  Tijuana  taking  a  nap  on  the  floor  of  a  hospital.  Photo  of  a  mannequin  being  wheeled  into  a  hospital  shows  the  COVID-19  coverup.    Four  people  have  died  in  Zanzibar  after  handling  a  chicken  infected  with  COVID-19.  Post  says  no  one  has  died  from  the  coronavirus  in  the  United  States.    Video  showing  a  Muslim  man  throwing  notes  to  spread  coronavirus  Industrialist  Ratan  Tata's  view  on  economic  downfall  due  to  COVID-19.  If  you  can  hold  your  breath  for  10  seconds  then  you  don't  have  fibrosis  and  therefore  no  infection.  Picture  of  text  in  English  describing  the  method.  Hydroxychloroquine  cures  this  virus.It  just  so  happens  this  is  the  treatment  used  for  radiation  sickness!!Senegalese  doctor  says  chloroquine  is  the  secret  for  a  very  low  number  of  deaths  by  COVID-19  in  Senegal.  Medical  report  of  Hospital  General  Universitario  Santa  Luca  de  Cartagena  (Murcia)  from  a  person  with  possible  coronavirus.    The  NBA  is  asking  President  Donald  Trump  to  resign  or  well  never  play  again.Image  of  a  critically  ill  COVID-19  infected  woman  hugging  her  child  for  the  last  time  before  her  death  Every  election  year  has  a  disease--  SARS  in  2004;  avian  flu  in  2008;  swine  flu  in  2010;  MERS  in  2012;  Ebola  in  2014  and  2018;  Zika  in  2016  and  the  coronavirus  in  2020.    Details  of  three  coronavirus  positive  cases  reported  in  Kothapet  (Hyderabad  India).  All  social  media  group  admins  are  requested  to  close  their  groups  for  two  days.    Joo  Doria  governor  of  So  Paulo  caught  COVID-19  while  isolated.  He  also  took  a  Chinese  vaccine  that  is  being  tested  in  Brazil  An  Instagram  post  claims  Microsoft  founder  Bill  Gates  said  up  to  700000  people  could  die  from  a  COVID-19  vaccine.  Priyanka  Gandhi  has  started  buses  to  help  migrants  travel  during  the  COVID-19  lockdown.  A  claim  was  made  that  India  found  a  cure  to  coronavirus    Saddam  Hussein  talked  about  coronavirus  to  his  cabinet  and  army  in  the  nineties.  He  said  that  America  has  threatened  him  to  spread  this  virus  if  he  doesn't  follow  their  command.  A  photo  has  been  shared  hundreds  of  times  on  Facebook  and  Twitter  alongside  a  claim  it  shows  a  nurse  apologising  to  a  Muslim  man  after  she  blamed  the  Muslim  community  for  spreading  COVID-19  in  India.  The  posts  claim  the  nurse  was  forced  to  apologise  by  a  local  politician.  A  document  that  talks  about  the  benefits  of  wine  to  prevent  coronavirus.  Pregnant  women  must  undergo  a  caesarean  section  during  the  pandemic.  All  U.S.  citizens  are  entitled  to  $700  USD  per  week  to  stay  at  home  to  avoid  the  spread  of  COVID-19  novel  coronavirus  starting  3/17/20.A  picture  with  a  quote  attributed  to  Bill  Gates  stating:  "The  vaccine  won't  be  safe  but  let's  get  it  out  quickly  anyway  and  worry  about  the  consequences  later
1  previously  reported  case  is  now  considered  recovered  the  total  number  of  active  cases  in  New  Zealand  129  -  of  which  19  are  imported  cases  in  quarantine.  This  brings  our  total  number  confirmed  cases  of  1339.  We  will  report  this  to  the  World  Health  Organization.
We're  fighting  the  misinformation  infodemic  one  issue  at  a  time.  Join  us  and  get  the  latest  issue  of  straight  to  your  inbox  every  week:  
Video  shows  COVID-19  patients  lying  dead  on  the  ground  in  India.
~70%  of  the  increase  in  deaths  came  from  outside  New  York  as  the  outbreak  burden  continues  to  spread.
This  is  made  up  of  1144  confirmed  cases  which  is  the  number  reported  to  World  Health  Organization  and  350  probable  cases.We  now  have  1371  people  reported  as  having  recovered  from  COVID-19  an  increase  of  3  on  yesterday.  This  is  92%  of  all  confirmed  and  probable  cases.
Older  adults  and  people  of  all  ages  with  severe  chronic  medical  conditions  are  more  likely  to  develop  serious  outcomes  including  death  if  infected  with  See  CDC  guidance  for  people  who  are  at  higher  risk  for  serious  illness:  
Health  Secretary  reviews  Management  Strategies  in  8  NE  States.  States  exhorted  to  actively  break  Transmission  Chain.  
(Apologies  for  my  tweet  typos  today  folks.  This  is  the  danger  of  tweeting  while  also  engaging  in  20  slack  conversations  and  typing  other  documents.  -
This  time  will  eventually  pass.  We  will  emerge  stronger.  But  lessons  learnt  about  "how  to  care  for  your  health"  should  not  be  forgotten.  
That  brings  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  462590.  COVID-19  case  in  South  Korea:  We  continue  to  receive  and  analyse  information  about  the  traveller  who  recently  tested  positive  upon  arrival  in  South  Korea.
No  wearing  a  face  mask  will  not  cause  carbon  dioxide  toxicity.  Don't  believe  the  misinformation  on  the  internet.  Read  instead:  
ICMR  has  approved  1000  testing  labs  all  across  India.  There  was  only  one  government  lab  at  the  beginning  of  the  year.  
:  has  repeatedly  said  that  a  vaccine  of  is  not  yet  available.  Yet  keeps  emerging.  Here  is  one  more  such  claim  
Chinese  are  not  taking  any  medicine  or  any  vaccine  for  corona  virus.  They  have  stopped  going  to  hospital.They  instead  kill  the  virus  with  HEAT.Very  Hot  steam  inhalation  from  kettle,  4  times  a  day.  Hot  gargles  4  times  a  day.  Hot  tea  4  times  a  day  Virus  dies  in  4  day.  Result  -ve
Feds$20  million  mask  contract  to  a  shady  man  under  sanction  by  the  FTC.  
Indian  State  of  Gujarat's  government  constructed  hospital  for  COVID-19  patients  with  2200  beds  in  just  6  days.
CDC  Offers  Incredibly  Obvious  Advice  on  Coronavirus  That  Children  Would  Understand  
India  has  the  highest  recovered  cases  in  the  world.  India  contributes  17.7%  share  in  the  total  cases.  However  in  terms  of  recovered  cases  India  shares  19.5%  of  the  total  recovered  cases:  Secretary  
The  video  of  a  huge  crowd  not  maintaining  social  distancing  is  from  All  India  Institute  of  Medical  Science  (AIIMS)  Patna  (a  city  in  the  state  of  Bihar).
The  Centre  today  exhorted  the  States  of  &amp;  to  break  the  chain  of  transmission  and  reduce  mortality.  
Were  very  close  to  half  a  million  confirmed  cases.  Which  means:  almost  1  out  of  every  5  tests  has  come  back  positive.  When  states  reported  incompletely  this  was  an  unreliable  statistic.  But  the  aggregate  number  is  reasonably  accurate  now.  
INCREASE  IN  CASES  As  weve  eased  the  restrictions  &amp;  continue  to  increase  testing  capacity  its  likely  well  see  an  increase  in  cases  in  Nigeria.  Whether  that  increase  continues  or  not  will  depend  on  our  collective  action~  2/4  
Sir  watch  the  reality  behind  growing  gdp  during  wuhan  virus  pandemic...i  didn't  believe  over  this...video....Naah..because  china  is  limitless..country..  
COVID-19  FOUND  IN  TOILET  PAPER,  STRAIN  OF  DEADLY  VIRUS  BREEDS  RAPIDLY  IN  TISSUE  FIBRES.
Says  Donald  Trump  tweeted,  I  ordered  the  Treasury  secretary  to  send  checks  to  Americans!  First  however,  we  will  go  through  your  social  media  history  from  the  last  4  years  and  search  for  any  post  with  in  it.  I  wouldnt  think  of  offending  you  with  a  check  if  Im  not  your  president!  
Joy  Arackal,  52  year's  ,  owner  of  (  Joy  Alukas  )  the  largest  house  in    kerala  (45000  sft)  dies  in  the  middle  East  due  to  Corona  Virus...!
A  Good  NewsFinally  an  INDIAN  student  from  PONDICHERRY  University,  named  RAMU  found  a  home  remedy  cure  for  Covid-19  which  is  for  the  very  first  time  accepted  by  WHO.  He  proved  that  by  adding  1  tablespoon  of  black  pepper  powder  to  2  table  spoons  of  honey  and  some  ginger  juice  for  consecutive  5  days  would  suppress  the  effects  of  corona.  And  eventually  go  away  100%.  -  Entire  world  is  starting  to  accept  this  remedy.  Finally  a  good  news  In  2020!!  PLEASE  CIRCULATE  THIS  INFORMATION  TO  ALL  YOUR  FAMILY  MEMBERS  AND  FRIENDS.
575  new  cases  of  COVID19Nigeria;  Lagos-123  FCT-100  Delta-58  Edo-52  Ogun-42  Katsina-24  Bayelsa-23  Rivers-22  Borno-19  Plateau-18  Ondo-18  Oyo-17  Kwara-15  Osun-13  Enugu-9  Nasarawa-7  Abia-6  Cross  River-5  Kaduna-3  Ekiti-1  29286  confirmed  11828  discharged  654  deaths  
Wearing  a  cloth  face  covering  CORRECTLY  can  help  prevent  the  spread  of  to  others.  When  you  go  out  on  essential  trips  follow  these  dos.  If  you  have  a  child  remember  those  under  age  2  should  not  wear  a  face  covering.  See  
If  you  had  and  will  not  have  a  test  to  see  if  you  are  still  contagious  only  leave  your  sick  room  and  home  when  ALL  of  the  following  are  true:  No  fever  for  at  least  72  hours  (3  days)  Other  symptoms  have  improved  It  has  been  7  days  since  you  started  feeling  sick  
Kia  ora  the  Whatsapp  service  finished  about  a  month  ago  as  New  Zealand's  cases  reduced  and  demand  for  the  service  dropped.
The  7-day  average  of  new  cases  dropped  below  50k  for  the  first  time  since  July  6.  
If  Queen  Elizabeth  II  tested  positive  for  coronavirus.
Testing  all  residents  and  staff  in  West  Virginia  nursing  homes  helped  limit  the  spread  of  Testing  all  residents  and  staff  regardless  of  symptoms  may  help  protect  those  at  higher  risk  for  COVID-19  &amp;  prevent  larger  outbreaks.  See  more:  
Mum  drops  off  kids  72  hours  early  for  reopening  of  school  
Ghanas  leading  biomedical  research  institute  Noguchi  approves  COA  FS  a  Ghana-made  food  nutritional  supplement  to  fight  the  coronavirus.
Nation  more  aerodynamic  than  ever  after  everyone  shaves  head  during  lockdown  
A  sharepic  states  that  since  the  beginning  of  the  corona  crisis  3,354  people  died  and  924,000  children  are  missing
Newly  updated  clinical  resource  includes  evidence  for  remdesivir  use  in  pediatric  coronavirus.  
World  Not  Telling  Covid-19  How  To  Do  Its  Job  But  Heres  A  List  Of  People  
A  limited  number  of  images  of  suspected  COVID  skin  signs,  submitted  to  COVID  Symptom  Study  app,  were  on  skin  of  colour.  The  reasons  for  this  need  to  be  examined,  but  may  be  in  part  because  rashes  on  darker  skin  can  be  difficult  to  photograph
Seeing  some  people  suggest  this  is  due  to  lack  of  testing  demand.  This  might  make  sense  if  the  US  positive  rate  wasnt  20%.  If  1  out  of  every  5  tests  that  comes  back  is  positive  you  have  a  very  large  iceberg  of  infections  waiting  to  be  tested  and  discovered.  
Our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  is  now  1451  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  World  Health  Organization.  Yesterday  our  laboratories  processed  9088  tests  bringing  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  881532.
Mum  just  calling  to  check  you  dont  have  coronavirus  
Dr  V.K  Srinivas  Vice  President  taking  the  1st  Vaccine  for  clinical  trail.
The  CDC  recommends  men  shave  their  beards  to  be  protected  against  the  new  coronavirus.
Tire  repairer  who  died  in  a  work  accident  was  included  in  the  death  figures  for  COVID-19.
Data  on  current  hospitalizations  remains  iffy.  Today  we  saw  hospitalization  numbers  in  ID  and  NJ  drop  by  ~50%  which  seems  unlikely  to  reflect  reality.  Some  states  with  rising  cases  have  dropping  hosp.  figures.  Last  week's  post  is  likely  still  relevant:  
The  Case  Fatality  rate  (as  per  Week  wise  Average)  in  July  first  week  was  2.89%.  Now  has  come  down  from  to  1.94%;  our  target
A  member  of  Tablighi  Jamaat  is  misbehaving  in  a  COVID-19  quarantine  zone.
US  Medical  Experts  Are  Puzzled  As  To  Why  The  USA  Has  Almost  2,200  COVID-19  Cases  Whereas  Mexico  Only  Has
Note:  a  previous  tweet  stated  a  Facebook  post  about  Victorian  coronavirus  numbers  was  posted  by  One  Nation  leader  Pauline  Hanson.  It  was  in  fact  posted  by  the  Victorian  branch  of  Pauline  Hanson's  One  Nation  Party.
UPDATE:  Clinical  progression  varies  between  cases  but  the  most  common  presentations  are  fever  and  cough  followed  by  fatigue  and  then  in  some  cases  pneumonia.  Read  full  report  here:  
As  of  March  11  81  state  and  local  public  health  labs  in  50  states  and  the  DC  have  successfully  verified  and  are  using  COVID-19  diagnostic  tests.  Contact  your  state  health  department  regarding  questions  about  testing.  For  the  latest  on  testing  from  CDC:  
Wearing  a  cloth  face  covering  CORRECTLY  can  help  prevent  the  spread  of  to  others.  When  you  go  out  on  essential  trips  follow  these  dos.  If  you  have  a  child  remember  those  under  age  2  should  not  wear  a  face  covering.  See  
The  Trump  administration  has  had  zero  unfulfilled  equipment  and  supply  requests  from  state  governors.
Given  the  hiccups  with  daily  numbers  right  now  it  may  be  helpful  to  focus  on  the  weekly  trends  that  weve  compiled  here.  
As  per  Clinical  Management  protocol  may  be  considered  in  patients  with  moderate  symptoms  However  as  the  situation  evolves  &amp;  when  more  data  becomes  available  the  evidence  will  be  accordingly  incorporated  and  recommendation  upgraded.  
A  Whatsapp  message  allegedly  from  a  Chinese  doctor  and  CNN  that  says  coffee  can  prevent  coronavirus
soros  wants  CCP  to  run  new  world  order  IMF  ,  WEF  ,  UN  ALL  COMPLICIT    covid19  is  a  bioweapon    CREATED  TO  STAY  WITH  HUMANS  FOR  LIFE    spreading  to  the  ill  TO  KILL  no  vaccine  can  cure  ESPECIALLY  GATES  VACCINES  GATES  CRETED  NEW  POLIO  
Trump  Deploys  Thousands  Of  Televangelists  Nationwide  To  Tackle  Covid-19  
By  known  positive  tests  the  10  states  with  the  highest  per  capita  number  of  cases  are:  Washington  New  York  Colorado  Massachusetts  Louisiana  Rhode  Island  New  Jersey  South  Dakota  New  Hampshire  Georgia
Man  Dying  From  Coronavirus  Spends  Final  Day  Negotiating  With  Health  Insurance  Provider  
Parts  of  the  North  West  West  Yorkshire  and  the  Midlands  have  been  placed  under  further  localised  restrictions  
Very  intriguing  possibility  that  mood  changes  and  anxiety  may  be  a  function  of  invasion  of  the  into  the  CNS  and  brain.  
Coronavirus  CDC  Patent,  Oct,  2019  Preparedness  Exercise,  FEMA  Prepares,  Bioweapon  -  SARS,  MERS  
This  pie  chart  shows  the  overall  percentage  of  cases  in  3  different  categories.  73.18%  of  the  t
India's  recovery  rate  improves  to  76.28%  as  on  August  28  2020  Steady  improvement  in  India's  COVID-19  recovery  rate  since  initiation  on  March  25  2020  Via  
571  new  cases  of  Lagos-152  Ebonyi-108  Edo-53  Ondo-46  FCT-38  Oyo-20  Kwara-19  Plateau-17  Osun-14  Bayelsa-14  Ekiti-14  Katsina-14  Akwa  Ibom-11  Kaduna-11  Rivers-11  Niger-10  Ogun-7  Kano-6  Cross  River-4  Bauchi-2  32558  confirmed  13447  discharged  740  deaths  
Studies  show  that  in  68%  of  patients  use  of  remdesivir  reduces  oxygen  demand.  However  while  the  manufacturer  
Illegal  immigration  is  happening  worldwide,  engineered  by  all  UN  member  nations  to  distract  attention  away  from  the  real  issues  -  Totalitarianism,  the  fake  pandemic  and  the  total  removal  of  human  rights  in  the  development  of  mass  democide  and  a  Don't  be  distracted
The  idea  is  to  get  ahead  of  the  problem.Professor  in  global  public  health  Dr  Devi  Sridhar  explains  why  new  restrictions  have  been  introduced  to  stop  separate  households  meeting  indoors  in  Scotland.  Get  more  on  the  new  restrictions:  
Thirty-nine  GPs  and  specialists  have  written  to  the  BMJ  calling  for  action  on  long  COVID.  
H1N1  caused  more  deaths  during  the  2009  pandemic  than  COVID-19.  Yet  nobody  talked  about  it.
India's  recovery  rate  improves  to  76.63%  as  on  August  31  2020  Steady  improvement  in  India's  COVID-19  recovery  rate  since  initiation  on  March  25  2020  Via  
Situation  is  .  
Children  under  18  years  represent  about  8.5%  of  reported  cases  with  few  deaths  compared  to  other  age  groups  &amp;  usually  mild  disease.  
561  new  cases  of  Lagos-200  Edo-119  Kaduna-52  FCT-52  Niger-32  Ogun-19  Ondo-16  Imo-14  Plateau-11  Abia-8  Oyo-8  Bayelsa-7  Katsina-6  Kano-5  Bauchi-3  Osun-3  Kebbi-3  Borno-2  Jigawa-1  25694  confirmed  9746  discharged  590  deaths  
UPDATES  on  Indias  60%  Daily  New  Recoveries  come  from  5  States  Total  number  of  Recovered  Cases  nearly  35.5  lakh  
A  spike  in  COVID-19  cases  in  the  U.S.  seen  in  June  2020  is  due  to  increased  testing.
States  reported  ~20k  new  cases  again  today.  The  7-day  average  of  new  cases  has  been  between  20-23k  cases  for  nearly  a  month.  But  the  outbreak  has  shifted  south  and  west.  
The  latest  CDC  report  is  out  with  new  data  on  illnesses  hospitalization  rates  and  deaths.  Check  it  out  here:  
People  departing  managed  isolation  must  now  return  a  negative  test  prior  to  being  released.  They  can  refuse  the  test  and  we  can  require  them  to  stay  for  another  14  days.
The  influenza  vaccine  Fluzone  is  more  deadly  than  COVID-19
And  a  systematic  review  has  shown  that  people  with  diabetes  are  between  2-4  times  more  likely  to  have  severe  symptoms  or  die  from  
At  Level  2  indoor  and  outdoor  gatherings  are  limited  to  a  maximum  of  100  to  keep  everyone  safe.  At  Level  2  you  can  begin  seeing  family  and  friends  again  but  you  must  do  this  safely.
In  a  photo  of  Pakistani  Prime  Minister  Imran  Khan  and  Chinese  President  Xi  Jinping  Imran  Khan  is  wearing  a  mask.
197  new  cases  of  Plateau-83  Lagos-48  Kaduna-17  FCT-16  Ogun-11  Katsina-7  Imo-4  Edo-3  Nasarawa-3  Rivers-2  Bayelsa-1  Oyo-1  Osun-1  55829  confirmed  43810  discharged  1075  deaths  
released  shortly.  Our  total  number  of  active  cases  is  134  of  which  21  are  imported  cases  that  were  detected  in  Managed  isolation.  Our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  1344  -  We  will  report  that  number  to  the  World  Health  Organization.
As  needed  we  will  refer  people  we  do  not  make  contact  with  to  finding  services.  92  of  these  had  invalid  phone  numbers  so  have  been  referred  to  finding  services.
Back  to  Today  the  world  recorded  12  million  cases.  In  the  last  6  weeks  cases  have  more  than  doubled-
THE  LOGIC  BEHIND  JANTA  CURFEW.  As  carona  viruslife  at  one  place  is  12  hrs  and  Janta  curfew  is  for  14  hrs  so  the  places  or  points  of    public  areas  where  carona  may  have  survived  will  not  be  touched  for  14    hrs  and  this  will  break  the  chain  .
Please  do  not  patronize  non-official  outlets  for  test  The  Government  is  working  hard  to  improve  on  quick  sample  collection  and  release  of  test  results  
We  are  still  at  Alert  Level  3.  On  Monday  Cabinet  will  consider  when  we  move  to  Alert  Level  2  we  must  play  it  safe!  Public  health  measures  will  remain  unchanged  if  youre  slightly  sick  please  stay  at  home  if  you  have  symptoms  -  get  a  test.
Observation:  South  Africa  is  hit  hard  by  TB.  And  banned  HCQ.  Worst  Corona  stats  in  Africa,  which  otherwise  do  great;  using  anti  malarial  and  Ivermectin  routinely,  another  observation.  Well,  much  better  than  US  and  U.K.  for  sure.
allows  countries  to:  share  risks  associated  with  vaccine  development  invest  in  manufacturing  upfront  so  vaccines  can  be  deployed  at  scale  as  soon  as  they  are  ready  pool  procurement  &amp;  purchasing  power  to  achieve  sufficient  volumes  
We  noticed  an  error  in  our  update  at  8:35pm  Correction  below  14  new  cases  of  have  been  confirmed  in  Nigeria:  1  in  FCT  1  in  Bauchi  and  12  in  Lagos  Of  the  14  6  were  detected  on  a  vessel  3  are  returning  travellers  into  Nigeria  &amp;  2  are  close  contacts  of  confirmed  cases  
In  the  thick  of  a  global  outbreak,  a  London-based  news  media  organisation  broke  a  story  claiming  that  the  Pakistani  Prime  Minister  has  been  infected  by  the  novel  virus.
Thrombotic  Storm  a  focus  on  the  relationship  between  heart  conditions  and  COVID-19  resulted  in  this  week's  Clinical  Trend.  
Local  Woman  Designates  Herself  As  Covid-19  Town  Prefect  
The  Welsh  Government  says  Rhondda  Cynon  Taf  in  South  Wales  will  be  put  under  local  lockdown  restrictions  from  6pm  tomorrow.  has  the  latest  from  Pontypridd  Read  more:  
Masks  are  now  available  out  in  the  community.  3  out  of  5  million  masks  were  to  be  made  available  to  community  groups  and  social  groups.
There  are  no  additional  deaths  to  report.Yesterday  our  laboratories  processed  7287  tests  bringing  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  190326.Full  update:  
85%  of  PCPs  report  significantly  changed  their  work;  77%  of  specialists  report  the  same.  
We  are  also  beginning  to  track  and  will  soon  report  outcomes  data.  We're  working  with  network  of  reporters  to  make  these  numbers  as  comprehensive  as  possible.  Only  a  few  dozen  states  currently  report  them  in  any  form.  
UK's  Covid-19  vaccine  trial  volunteer  Dr  Elisa  Granato  is  dead.
In  other  words,  there  is  some  straightforward  science  behind  the  failure  of  chloroquine  or  hydroxychloroquine  to  show  efficacy  in  treating  COVID-19.  3/3
[T]he  label  of  the  popular  Lysol  already  show  that  the  product  Kill  the  Coronavirus,  so  that  means  that  this  Virus  is  nothing  new.
Man  Not  Worried  About  Coronavirus,  As  Nostradamus  Didn't  Predict  It  
Upon  hearing  the  news  that  the  two  women  had  tested  positive  those  two  friends  then  isolated  themselves  and  have  been  tested.  One  of  them  has  returned  a  negative  test  and  the  other  ones  result  is  pending.
Says  imposters  in  hazmat  suits  are  going  door  to  door  in  Stockton,  Calif.,  saying  they  are  checking  residents  for  fever  or  COVID-19,  but  they  will  enter  your  home  and  physically  attempt  robbery.
Illogical.  The  disease  didn't  kill  them.  If  you  talk  about  9-12,  how  many  died  from  smoke  inhalation,  how  many  from  falling,  etc.  94%  died  from  health  conditions  AND  had  sars  cov-2  (the  actual  name  of  the  virus).
Chinese  scientists  says  COVID-19/coronavirus  could  have  originated  from  a  government  laboratory.  Which  predicted  in  fiction  novel  in  1981,  mystery?    
The  results  from  a  recent  survey  of  GPs  showed  that  half  of  the  800  GPs  surveyed  had  seen  patients  who  declined  a  COVID  test  and  that  the  proportion  of  patients  that  declined  was  on  average  25%.Dr  Bloomfield  encouraged  all  people  who  are  offered  a  test  to  have  it  done.
The  Russian  CDC  admitted  that  COVID-19  is  human-made.
A  further  3105  cases  have  been  confirmed  in  the  UK  -  and  the  number  seems  to  be  rising  rapidly  having  ticked  over  1000  only  a  few  weeks  ago  Sky's  Ed  Conway  writes  
Image  of  a  93  year-old  man  recovered  fom  COVID-19  in  Italy.
Coronavirus:  PM  urged  to  explain  plans  for  military  to  support  police  as  new  restrictions  announced  
Schedules  for  the  sale  of  milk  newspapers  grocery  and  medical  stores  have  been  issued  by  the  Mumbai  Police  commissioner.
Important  safety  measures  for  Do  not  use  plastic  face  shields  for  infants.  Do  not  use  cloth  face  coverings  on  children  under  2  or  anyone  who  cannot  remove  it  without  help.  Always  practice  safe  sleep  even  if  you  are  stressed  and  tired.  
Dr.  Yan  presented  evidence  Covid  19  is  a  sophisticated  bioweapon  created  by  the  Chinese  Communist  Party  using  funds  Obama  channelled  through  Dr.  Faucci&amp;  his  NIH  breaking  U.S.  law.
10%  of  pregnant  women  test  positive  for  COVID.  
The  coronavirus  testing  debacle  much  like  early  Lyme  testing  is  a  reminder  that  diagnostics  are  a  work  in  progress.  
President  Donald  Trump  is  selling  coronavirus-themed  commemorative  coins  through  the  White  House  Gift  Shop.
The  7-day  average  of  COVID-19  deaths  is  now  560.  But  with  this  many  cases  piling  up  it  seems  unlikely  to  keep  falling  for  much  longer.  
President  Donald  Trump  tweeted  Some  oldies  will  have  to  die.  Were  in  Gods  hands  folks!  Liberate  America!
Measures  put  in  place  for  the  ease  of  the  lockdown  as  business  and  offices  reopen  include  the  following  guidelines  Provision  of  hand  washing  facilities  &amp;  sanitiser  Enforcement  of  physical  distancing  Mandatory  use  of  cloth  face  masks  Read  full  guide  
When  we've  eradicated  Covid-19,  can  we  get  started  on  the  morons?    Get  the  T-Shirt  HERE  &gt;&gt;&gt;  
German  Chancellor  Angela  Merkel  apologizes  to  German  children  because  of  the  quarantine.
Originator  of  Johns  Hopkins  COVID-19  Dashboard  Not  Sure  Where  Data  Comes  From,  But  Says  It  Looks  Goo
Hospitals  get  paid  $750  for  patients  who  die  from  the  flu,  $17,500  for  COVID-19.
Five  new  cases  of  have  been  reported  in  Nigeria:  3  in  FCT  &amp;  2  in  Oyo  State  As  at  08:00  pm  27th  March  there  are  70  cases  of  confirmed  reported  Nigeria.  3  have  been  discharged  with  1  death.  
With  previous  data  governors  have  been  able  to  make  more  information  available.  Nebraska's  North  Dakota's  and  Nevada's  probably  can  improve  transparency  if  their  constituents  let  them  know  how  important  this  data  is.
Quotes  Anthony  Fauci  as  writing,  I  reject  the  notion  that  its  just  a  virusand  well  all  get  it  eventually.  What  a  careless,  lazy,  heartless  stance.
We  have  greatly  benefited  from  the  aggregated  knowledge  of  talented  epidemiologists  data  scientists  engineers  public  health  researchers  and  front-line  experts  working  247  across  the  world  to  beat  COVID.  Get  involved:  info
I  always  adhere  to  science:  The  FDA  stated  that  it  was  no  longer  reasonable  to  believe  that  hydroxychloroquine  and  chloroquine  were  effective  in  treating  COVID-19,  and  revoked  their  Emergency  Use  Authorization  for  these  medications.  
Health  officials  caution  against  the  use  of  chloroquine  or  hydroxychloroquine  to  treat  COVID-19  patients  citing  the  possibility  of  serious  side  effects.  There  are  currently  no  approved  treatments  for  the  virus.  
Early  identification  followed  through  with  prompt  isolation  and  effective  treatment  in  hospitals  leading  to  falling  percentage  of  active  cases  in  india.  
Bitter  gourd  juice  can  cure  coronavirus.
A  photo  of  Jair  Bolsonaro  In  which  he  is  hospitalized  with  a  tube  in  his  nose.  The  caption  with  the  photo  link  it  to  COVID-19.
Image  shows  long  queue  of  buses  of  migrants  that  were  denied  permission  to  enter  Uttar  Pradesh  by  the  state  government.
has  reported  the  recovery  of  10946  patients  in  the  community  whom  were  being  managed  at  home.  Read  'Interim  Guidelines  for  Home  Care  of  Confirmed  COVID-19  Cases':  For  a  breakdown  of  cases  by  state:  
NEWS!  Man  who  set  up  home  gym  at  start  of  lockdown  seriously  considering  third  workout  
Our  total  number  of  confirmed  of  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  is  now  1408  which  is  the  number  we  will  report  to  the  World  Health  Organization.
Queen  Elizabeth  tests  positive  for  COVID-19.
New  Yorks  coronavirus  hospitalizations  fall  to  lowest  number  in  four  months  
President  Trump  just  announced  that  the  biologicallab  in  Wuhan  where  the  COVID-19  virus  was  created  was  fundedby  President  Barak  Hussein  Obama  in  2015  to  the  tune  of  $3800000  American  dollars!
A  video  of  an  overcrowded  Shramik  train  claimed  to  be  from  Mumbai  travelling  to  West  Bengal.
Person  flees  from  isolation  ward  in  Hyderabad  India.
While  it  is  too  soon  to  assess  the  full  impact  of  the  report  estimates  that  130  million  more  people  may  face  chronic  hunger  by  the  end  of  this  year-
Says  "special  military  helicopters  will  spray  pesticide  against  the  Corona  virus  in  the  skies  all  over  the  country."
Drinking  garlic  water  is  the  cure.
Coronavirus  is  everyone's  problem  WHO  spokesperson  Dr  Margaret  Harris  says  the  rise  in  cases  is  due  to  'relaxation  during  the  summer'.  Read  more:  
Interview  of  HDFC  Bank  Managing  Director  Aditya  Puri  about  why  india  will  survive  COVID-19  and  make  it  big
13  additional  cases  have  recovered  so  our  total  number  of  active  cases  is  97.  Of  those  39  are  imported  cases  in  MIQ  facilities  and  58  are  community  cases.
Says  a  photo  shows  a  man  wearing  a  government  issue  Saint  Laurent  hazardous  materials  suit.
The  workers  who  worked  between  the  1990  and  2020,  have  the  right  to  receive  the  benefit  of  120000  from  Ministry  of  Labour  and  Employment.  Check  if  your  name  is  in  the  list  of  the  people  who  have  the  rights  to  withdraw  this  benefits.
:  This  pandemic  of  can  be  an  opportunity  for  all  of  us.  Stay  positive.  Stay  Live  
More  than  10  million  people  across  the  country  are  currently  living  under  local  restrictions  but  infection  rates  are  increasing  in  many  areas.  takes  a  closer  look  at  the  effectiveness  of  local  lockdowns  Read  the  latest:  
Hospitalizations  continue  to  spike  in  the  South  and  West  as  we  await  the  number  of  currently  hospitalized  people  in  Florida  which  the  state  says  it  will  begin  reporting  in  the  next  few  days.  
On  those  on  the  front  line  are  risking  their  lives  for  people  whom  they've  never  met  before.  Their  courage  cannot  be  underestimated.  But  they  shouldn't  have  to  work  this  hard.  To  protect  the  lives  of  healthcare  workers  every  state  needs  stay-at-home  orders  NOW.
OK  the  new  site  is  up:  Here's  a  look  at  the  visual  evolution.  And  there's  at  least  this  much  change  under  the  hood  over  these  last  three  weeks  as  we've  built  the  processes  to  sustain  the  project  over  the  long  term.  
rushes  central  teams  to  Punjab  &amp;  Chandigarh  to  be  stationed  for  10  days  High  level  teams  will  assist  State/UT  in  strengthening  public  health  measures  for  surveillance  testing:  
Alabama  reported  over  1000  new  daily  cases  for  the  first  time.  
The  number  of  ICU  beds  is  larger  in  Boone  County  by  a  factor  of  threecompared  to  Orange  County  for  the  University  of  North  Carolina.
The  introduction  of  has  significantly  increased  the  availability  of  vaccines  in  most  cold  chain  points  and  helped  in  reducing  the  wastage  of  vaccines.  
Pfizers  announces  that  it  will  most  likely  know  if  their  vaccine  is  effective  by  the  end  of  October.  If  so  Pfizer  plans  to  begin  distribution  by  2021.  The  company  is  now  looking  to  add  more  diverse  and  vulnerable  populations  to  their  trial.  
Steam  of  cow  urine  or  dung  to  treat  COVID
_A  video  has  been  viewed  tens  of  thousands  of  times  in  multiple  posts  on  Facebook  and  Twitter  in  April  2020  alongside  a  claim  it  shows  the  arrest  of  Indian  activist  Trupti  Desai  after  she  attempted  to  buy  alcohol  during  a  government-imposed  lockdown  triggered  by  the  COVID-19  pandemic._
UPDATE  Maharashtra  Karnataka  Andhra  Pradesh  Uttar  Pradesh  &amp;  Tamil  Nadu  contribute  60.35%  of  the  total  Act
Trump  And  Coronavirus  May  End  November  3rd  
Cloth  face  coverings  may  help  prevent  the  spread  of  when  they  are  widely  used  in  public  settings.  When  you  wear  a  face  covering  you  help  protect  those  around  you.  When  others  wear  one  they  help  protect  people  around  them  including  you.  More:  
Nurses  are  less  likely  to  receive  a  COVID-19  vaccine  according  to  a  new  Medscape  survey.  
Video  of  a  girl  dying  of  coronavirus  in  a  shopping  mall.
Says  this  poem  about  people  staying  home  was  written  by  Kathleen  OMara  in  1869.
In  better  news  the  great  state  of  Texas  is  now  reporting  antigen  tests.  TX  is  doing  it  right  separating  antigen  results  from  PCR  and  reporting  both  positives  and  totals.  Youll  see  the  numbers  in  our  dataset  as  soon  as  we  get  antigens  into  the  API.  
States  reported  ~36k  new  cases  today.  States  typically  report  the  fewest  cases  on  Mondays  (red  in  the  chart)  because  of  a  weekend  lag  effect.  For  example  Arizona  reported  600  cases  today  after  four  straight  days  over  3000  cases.  
Four  new  cases  of  have  been  reported  in  Nigeria;  3  in  Osun  and  1  in  Ogun  As  at  11:15  am  31st  March  there  are  135  confirmed  cases  of  reported  in  Nigeria  with  2  deaths  
Data  from  show  that  after  a  period  of  decline  hospitalization  rates  have  begun  to  increase  in  recent  weeks.  You  can  help  slow  the  spread  of  COVID-19.  Stay  6  feet  apart;  wear  a  mask  and  wash  your  hands  often.  More:  
Chronic  COVID  is  this  week's  clinical  trend.  
China  bio-engineered  Covid19  Wuhan  Lab.  It  was  purposefully  released  domestically  to  quell  HK  protests-  it  was  allowed  to  travel  outside  of  country,  primary  target  America.  Its  called  asymmetric  warfare-  low-intensity  conflict.  Covid  is  a  primer  for  a  colour  revolution.
States  reported  ~20k  new  cases.  The  7-day  average  rose  slightly.  
The  regions  in  the  US  as  defined  by  the  Census  are  not  the  same  size.  The  South  has  twice  as  many  people  as  the  Northeast  where  the  outbreak  was  most  intense  in  the  spring.  200+  million  people  live  in  the  regions  where  cases  are  growing  quickly.  
New  REACT  study  results  published  today.  Method  used  can  identify  a  small  increase  in  infection  numbers  in  a  low  prevalence  setting  Important  takeaway  message:  need  to  reduce  transmission  now  to  ensure  that  we  do  not  enter  into  a  new  epidemic  phase  
Today  visits  south  Florida  a  national  hotspot  for  COVID-19  cases.  Heres  a  look  at  our  fact-checks  of  his  recent  statements  about  the  pandemic  including  the  falsehood  that  99%  are  totally  harmless.
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Weve  now  tracked  almost  4.9  million  tests  up  223K  from  yesterday.  Note  that  we  can  only  track  tests  that  a  state  reports.  And  not  all  states  report  all  tests.  For  details  see:  
Limiting  gatherings  is  one  way  to  slow  the  spread  of  but  physical  distancing  can  be  hard.  Find  tips  to  support  the  health  of  your  loved  ones  and  you  during  this  challenging  time:  
New:  Starting  immediately  and  for  the  next  8  weeks  CDC  recommends  cancelling  all  events  of  50  or  more  people.  Full  recommendation  here:  
Protect  yourselves  and  others  from  by  safely  putting  on  and  taking  off  disposable  respirators.  Learn  more:  
Dr.  Fauci  sat  on  Microsofts  board  of  directors.
Mustard  oil  can  kill  any  form  of  the  virus.  Coronavirus  is  a  respiratory  disease  that  is  spread  through  droplets  from  the  nose  when  a  person  coughs  or  sneezes.  If  we  inhale  that  virus-infected  air,  we  get  infected  too.  Using  mustard  oil,  will  cause  the  virus  to  stick  to  the  walls  of  the  nose  and  then  prevents  it  from  reaching  a  person's  lungs  by  killing  the  virus
The  consumption  of  pig  causes  COVID-19  entry  into  Indonesia.
American  researcher  Charles  Lieber  was  arrested  for  selling  the  novel  coronavirus  to  the  Chinese.
In  a  landmark  global  achievement  India  has  overtaken  &amp;  become  the  top  country  in  terms  of
Says  the  2008  book  End  of  Dayspredicted  the  current  coronavirus  outbreak.
YOU  WILL  REFER  TO  IT  AS  COVID-19      Chinese  Originated  Viral  Infectious  Disease  -  19
Image  of  a  doctor  smoking  while  treating  COVID  patients  in  Gujarat  India.
Is  Coranavirus  a  biological  Weapon  developed  by  the  Chinese  called  Wuhan  -400?  This  book  was  published  in  1981.  Do  read  the  excerpt.
In  its  collaborative  and  determined  fight  against  India  has  scaled  a  new  peak.  66500  the  highest  number  of  patients  have  recovered  and  been  discharged  yesterday.  
Chicken  Crosses  Road:  Questioned  For  Crow-Ona  Virus  Violation  
A  further  3105  people  have  tested  positive  for  in  the  UK  over  the  last  24  hours  up  from  2621  yesterday.  Follow  live  updates  as  daily  figures  come  in  
Most  people  with  can  recover  at  home.  Take  special  steps  to  care  for  someone  who  is  sick  at  home  and  help  keep  the  rest  of  your  household  healthy  too.  For  additional  advice  visit  
Indian  ayurvedic  pharmaceutical  Patanjali  claimed  that  the  ayurvedic  ministry  had  now  approved  the  sale  of  the  COVID-19  ayurvedic  medicine  coronil  produced  by  the  company
Claim:  20  countries  with  the  most  cases  and  equalling  Indias  population  have  84X  Indias  reported  cases  &amp;  200X  deaths:  Lav  Agarwal  of  health  ministry  Fact:  True  but  hides  the  fact  that  these  countries  have  also  conducted  28X  the  tests  India  has  
Chinese  government  releases  new  national  flag  
There  is  1  new  case  of  to  report  in  managed  isolation  today  in  addition  to  the  4  cases  in  the  community  which  we
How  is  your  teen  doing  during  Maintaining  a  social  life  even  while  is  an  important  part  of  coping
Normally:  cases  and  deaths  as  the  leading  and  trailing  indicators.  But  I  would  say  that  any  state  with  500  people  on  ventilators  goes  on  the  list  regardless  of  case  or  death  count.
The  latest  CDC  shows  that  influenza-like  illness  has  declined  nationally  and  is  below  baseline  but  remains  elevated  in  the  northeastern  and  northwestern  parts  of  the  U.S.  See  additional  data:  
India  has  scaled  another  peak  of  registering  the  highest  ever  single  day  recoveries  in  last  24  h
If  you  have  had  a  flu  shot  in  the  last  3-5  years,  you  will  probably  test  positivefor  COVID-19.
A  video  says  the  Vatican  confirmed  Pope  Francis  and  two  aides  tested  positive  for  coronavirus.
Says  Nostradamus  predicted  the  coronavirus  in  a  1551  passage  about  a  plague  spreading  from  the  east.
Just  a  thought,  but  you  probably  shouldn't  charge  people  $50  to  come  see  local  DJs  play  in  a  warehouse  during  a  pandemic.
UPDATE:  in  Brazil:  Percentage  infected  population  3.3%  in  So  Paulo  to  10.6%  in  Amazonas  54%  drop  in  reproduction  number  R  following  interventions  R  above  1  epidemic  not  yet  under  control  Report  
Yes  I  better  buy  my  aspirin,  nose  spray  and  fiber.  Sniffle,  sniffle,  run  to  the  can,  the  anti  Trump  virus  is  in  its  2nd  wave.  Fabreese  anyone?
Ellie  Goulding  says  shes  amazed  there  were  200  British  people  in  the  coronavirus-hit  city  of  Wuhan.    What  the  fuck  were  they  doing  there?she  asked  
In  all  our  reporting  on  The  Atlantic  side  people  have  used  2:1  ratio  as  a  rule  of  thumb  but  in  practice  we  understand  it  can  be  more  complicated.  It's  possible  that  the  specimen:test  ratio  will  also  go  down  as  per  a  press  conference  with  the  UW  Virology  lab.-
143  people  linked  to  the  community  cluster  have  been  moved  to  the  Auckland  quarantine  facility  include  70  people  with  positive  tests.
Georgia  has  consistently  reported  thousands  of  new  cases  each  dayand  has  the  fourth-largest  number  of  hospitalized  COVID-19  patients  today  trailing  only  much  larger  states  (CA  FL  TX).  
People  who  are  sick  with  coronavirus  continue  to  be  injected  with  sea  water.  Many  have  been  saved.
Puerta  de  Hierro  hospital  in  Madrid  uses  a  whole  floor  for  the  president's  family.
Pakistan's  PM  Imran  Khan  tested  COVID-19  positive.
This  has  been  put  together  by  USA  students  to  thank  India  for  supply  of  Hydroxychloroquin.  Proud  moments.
Says  a  coronavirus  patent  expired  just  as  there  is  a  "sudden  outbreak"  and,  despite  "media  fear-mongering,"  there  is  already  a  vaccine  available.
For  a  breakdown  of  cases  by  states  in  real  time  please  see  Currently;  Lagos-  19  FCT-  3  Ogun-  2  Ekiti-  1  Oyo-  1  Total:  26  confirmed  cases  
Immunity  booster  coronil  kit  if  used  to  cure  Covid19,  must  be  discontinued  after  how  many  days.  If  used  to  boost  immunity  then  when  to  discontinue
The  latest  update  from  the  Prime  Minister  and  Director-General  of  Health:Today  we  are  reporting  no  new  cases  of  COVID-19.Todays  combined  total  of  confirmed  and  probable  COVID-19  cases  remains  at  1497.
NEW  PUBLICATION  evolution  &amp;  epidemic  spread  of  SARS-CoV-2  in  Brazil  76%  of  virus  strains  from  Europe  Interventions  reduced  R  number  to  11.6  R  insufficient  to  control  transmission  
India  Tracker  (As  on  29  August  2020  08:00  AM)  Confirmed  cases:  3463972  Recovered:  2648998  (76.5%)Active  cases:  752424  (21.7%)  Deaths:  62550  (1.8%)  Via  
A  video  shows  the  FBI  confiscating  face  masks  from  China  in  the  U.S.  because  it  tested  positive  for  coronavirus.
The  last  places  free  of  are  in  the  Pacific.  Heres  how  WHO  helped  countries  in  the  region  step  up  their  efforts  to  prepare  for  the  arrival  of  COVID-19
India  conducts  one  million  COVID-19  tests  in  the  last  24  hours  
15  years  ago  published  a  study  on  chloroquine.  It  is  effective  against  COVID-(1).
Thank  you  to  every  person  whose  job  requires  them  to  work  during  this  pandemic.  Those  in:  healthcare  the  food  industry  mail  delivery  and  so  many  more.  We  appreciate  your  sacrifice  today  and  every  day.
Condom  Sales  Are  At  An  All-Time  High  
One  More  Shocking  Video  of  Gandhi  Hospital  Hyderabad  Emerges  Where  COVID  Patients  Sitting  on  the  Corridors  Floor  and  Nobody  Hospital  Staff  there  to  Check  them.
MSNBC  actually  said  on  air  I  hope  enough  people  die  from  coronavirus  that  it  harms  Trumps  re-election.
Laboratory  professionals:  New  guidance  now  available  for  using  pooled  samples  for  diagnostic  screening  and  surveillance  testing.  Guidance  includes  information  on  reporting  limitations  and  testing  systems.  See  full  guidance  here:  
Claim:  India  began  screening  travelers  from  nations  before  it  had  a  single  case:  PM  Modi  Fact:  20  countries  had  cases  by  January  30  when  India  reported  1st  case.  Yet  India  was  screening  travelers  only  from  China  Hong  Kong  
Four  people  are  in  hospital  with  COVID-19  one  each  at  Auckland  City  and  North  Shore  hospitals  and  two  in  Middlemore.  All  four  patients  are  in  isolation  on  a  general  ward.
High  levels  of  recovery  has  resulted  in  a  100%  increase  in  the  number  of  recovered  cases  in  the  past  30  days.  
Active  Cases  (less  than  10.5L)  are  only  a  small  proportion  (less  than  1/5th)  of  Total  Cases.  Recoveries  have  now  become  4  times  more  than  Active  Cases.  
As  we  fight  the  coronavirus  pandemic  it  is  also  important  to  fight  the  infodemic.  Do  you  know  fake  news  and  misinformation  can  bring  disharmony  to  society?  Verify  before  sharing  and  don't  forget  to  tell  the  receiver  
The  NZ  COVID  Tracker  app  will  remain  important  and  useful  at  Alert  level  1.  People  are  encouraged  to  download  the  app  or  a  similar  one  or  keep  a  record  of  where  youre  going  to  be.
The  reason  the  NHS  is  refusing  to  treat  vulnerable  people  with  cheap,  readily  available  life-saving  medication  in  the  midst  of  a  pandemic,  is  because  it  is  a  vehicle  for  social  control,  not  a  health  service.  Chloroquine  was  an  OTC  drug  in  UK  prior  to  the  COVID.
Franklin  Roosevelt  on  the  Coronavirus  
India  has  crossed  the  milestone  of  conducting  more  than  2.5  Crore  sample  tests  across  There  are  more  than  6.98  lakh  tests  being  done  on  a  daily  basis  in  its  fight  against  For  more  details  visit:  
Another  place  where  the  reported  numbers  are  likely  lower  than  the  reality  is  AZ  which  continues  to  have  reporting  problems  including  some  dashboard  trouble  that  prevented  us  from  compiling  a  complete  update  today.  
Says  President  Donald  Trump  is  morbidly  obese.
The  CDC  report  summarizes  new  data  on  COVID-19-like  illness  hospitalization  rates  and  deaths  associated  with  influenza  pneumonia  or  COVID-19:  
UPDATE  in  Damascus  Syria  An  estimated  1.25%  of  COVID19  deaths  are  reported  4380  COVID19  deaths  may  have  been  missed  as  of  2nd  September  2020  Damascus  is  at  a  much  later  stage  in  its  epidemic  than  indicated  by  surveillance  reports  Report  
No  wearing  a  mask  to  guard  against  spreading  the  coronavirus  doesnt  void  concealed-carry  permits.  
Multiple  Facebook  posts  shared  hundreds  of  times  claim  viruses  do  not  harm  or  kill  [people]and  that  any  harm  and  deathcaused  by  a  virus  can  be  attributed  to  "the  overreaction  of  a  weakened  and  dysfunctional  immune  system".
Just  over  200  close  contacts  had  been  identified  most  of  whom  are  from  two  work  places:  Americold  Mt  Wellington  and  the  Dominion  Road  branch  of  Finance  Now.  Just  over  100  of  them  had  been  contacted  so  far.
A  spokesperson  said  the  company  plans  to  continue  Heroes  &amp;  Helpersan  event  that  pairs  underserved  children  with  officers  to  shop  for  holiday  gifts.  The  company  says  careful  considerations  are  underway  on  how  to  manage  the  event  amid  COVID-19.  
Coronavirus  testing  kits  heading  to  the  UK  found  to  be  contaminated  with  Covid-19  |  London  Evening  Standard  
Italian  doctor  says  no  one  has  died  from  coronavirus.
Recovery  Rate  climbs  a  new  high  of  nearly  68%.  
A  positive  test  of  such  should  be  considered  as  a  true  positive  whereas  all  individuals  testing  negative  through  the  rapid  antigen  test  should  be  confirmed  with  a  real-time  to  rule  out  infection.  (2/3)
Buddhist  Smugly  Reflects  that  at  Least  He  Has  the  Present  Moment  
POSITIVITY  RATE  SHOWS  HERD  IMMUNTIY  HAS  BEEN  REACHED.
States  reported  ~23.5k  cases  today.  The  7-day  average  is  now  at  its  highest  point  since  May  24.  One  important  caveat  from  Texas:  1500  of  these  cases  are  older  data  that  local  health  authorities  had  not  previously  reported.  
With  high  number  of  sustained  recoveries  India  surges  ahead  with  highest  single  day  RECOVERY.  Nearl
You  can  see  the  ways  that  the  outbreak  has  shifted  since  March  in  this  timeline  of  cases  per  million  people.  
There  are  two  previously  reported  cases  who  are  considered  to  have  recovered  today  both  community  cases.  With  todays  four  new  cases  our  total  number  of  active  cases  is  118.  Of  those  41  are  imported  cases  in  MIQ  facilities  and  77  are  community  cases.
cases  declined  in  most  states  in  the  last  7  days  but  COVID-19  is  widespread  in  many  areas  particularly  in  the  upper  Great  Plains  Midwest  and  South.  Six  states  reported  over  10000  new  cases  in  the  last  week.  See  more  data:  
COVID-19  Update  Today  there  are  3  new  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report  one  of  these  is  an  imported  case  detected  in  a  managed  isolation  facility.  Two  are  community  cases.
China  seeks  courts  approval  to  kill  20000  coronavirus  patients.
Corona  Virus  claims  a  black  belt.  Chuck  Norris,  Dead  at  80.
India  reports  steady  trend  of  higher  New  Recoveries  than  New  Cases  for  the  6th  successive  day.  87374  recoveries  have  been  registered  in  the  last  24  hours  in  the  country  while  the  number  of  new  confirmed  cases  stands  at  86508.  
The  CDC  is  not  reporting  data  in  anything  close  to  real-time  and  relying  on  it  will  make  your  analysis  a  couple  weeks  late.  -
We  all  can  help  stopping  from  spreading.  Keep  at  least  1m  distance  from  others.  Here  are  some  alternatives  to  handshakes
Seen  a  meme  that  doesn't  seem  correct?  You  can  now  check  on  WhatsApp  to  see  if  it  might  be  false.  has  released  a  new  chatbot  which  allows  users  to  search  a  database  of  over  4000  debunked  hoaxes.  Check  it  out:  
Tabligi  Jamat  members  in  India  are  licking  plates  to  spread  COVID-19.
2)If  genetic  manipulation  had  been  performed,  one  of  the  several  reverse-genetic  systems  available  for  betacoronaviruses  would  probably  have  been  used.  However,  the  genetic  data  irrefutably  show  that  SARS-CoV-2  is  not  derived  from  any  previously  used  virus  backbone
A  new  case  of  novel  coronavirus  was  registered  in  Saudi  Arabia.  A  nurse  from  India  was  diagnosed  with  the  specific  strain  of  the  virus.
No  one  can  leave  managed  isolation  for  any  reason  without  returning  a  negative  test.  If  they  refuse  a  test  they  can  then  be  held  for  a  period  of  up  to  28  days.  On  June  the  16th  exemptions  on  compassionate  grounds  have  been  suspended.  
Black  cats  in  Vietnam  are  being  killed  and  consumed  as  a  COVID-19  cure.
A  viral  text  based  image  post  claiming  that  5000  from  Italy  were  infected  by  mobile  phone  covers  quoting  the  findings  were  from  a  research  without  specifying  any  details  or  name  of  the  research.  The  post  advises  to  abandon  phone  covers.
In  Italy,  they  have  thrown  their  money  on  the  streets.  A  clear  message  to  the  whole  world  that  money  is  not  enough  when  health  is  in  danger.
A  speedy  home  test  praised  by  White  House  is  under  fire  along  with  FDA  standards.  
Texas  and  Florida  have  a  balanced  budgetwhile  California  is  in  debt  $54  billion  and  New  York  is  in  debt  $6.1  billion.
The  French  doctor  Jean-Roger  Hospital  sent  an  email  which  claims  you  can  protect  yourself  against  COVID-19  by  drinking  water  every  15  minutes.
Germany  has  sent  China  a  bill  of  ?130  billion  for  damages  caused  to  the  economy  due  to  coronavirus.
Everyone  reacts  differently  to  stressful  situations  like  You  may  feel  anxiousness  anger  sadness  or  overwhelmed.  If  you  or  a  loved  one  is  feeling  overwhelmed  get  support  24/7  by  calling  1-800-985-5990  or  text  TalkWithUs  to  66746.  Learn  more:  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Weve  now  tracked  6  million  tests  up  230k  from  yesterday.  A  very  strong  testing  day!  Note  that  we  can  only  track  tests  that  a  state  reports.  For  details  see:  
Our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  is  now  1172  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  World  Health  Organization.
As  per  wearing  of  is  compulsory  in  all  public  and  workplaces  under  National  Directives  for  Management.  Any  violation  can  be  punishable  under  Section  51(B)  of  the  Disaster  Management  Act  2005  with  imprisonment  &amp;  fine  or  both:  
Tens  of  thousands  of  Koreans  asked  to  expel  Chinese.  The  anti-Chinese  bandwagon  swept  across  the  world.
Deaths  were  the  lowest  since  Monday:  1654.  The  weekend  reporting  effect  is  probably  in  play  here  but  nonetheless  better  than  the  reverse.  
Fewer  than  100  people  have  died  from  COVID-19  in  Ireland.
Why  is  JB  Pritzker  using  CHINESE  TEST  KITS  on  Illinoisans  from  a  company  whose  GM  is  affiliated  with  the  Wuhan  Institute  of  Virology,  the  center  of  the  COVID  controversy,  which  has  been  deemed  by  researchers  as  a  bioweapons  lab?
Man  sure  for  the  sixth  time  this  summer  that  his  hangover  is  COVID  
This  is  because  of  effective  implementation  of  Centre  led  policies  ensuring  efficient  clinical  management  in  hospital  settings  for  critical  patients  and  supervised  Home  Isolation  for  moderate  &amp;  mild  ones.
Spit-a-Long-a-Don  
The  reported  death  toll  was  1726  bringing  our  dataset  up  to  78343  deaths.  
The  found  Latinos  and  African  Americans  in  the  U.S.  are  three  times  as  likely  to  become  infected  with  COVID-19  as  white  people.  Black  and  Latino  people  are  also  twice  as  likely  to  die  from  COVID-19  as  white  people.  
Reported  deaths  were  quite  low979as  they  have  been  on  Sundays  and  Mondays  in  recent  weeks.  In  this  dataset  which  does  not  include  5178  probable  COVID-19  deaths  reported  by  New  York  City  but  not  New  York  State  we've  tracked  74270  deaths.  
This  photo  shows  French  nurses  holding  a  sign  to  denounce  police  violence.
Looking  at  new  cases  the  trends  of  the  last  couple  weeks  continue.  Florida  became  the  second  state  to  record  a  day  of  over  10000  new  cases  (after  New  York  on  April  15th).  Georgia  set  a  new  record  yesterday  and  broke  it  today.  
NEWS!  Coronavirus  a  serious  and  imminent  threat  to  public  healthinsists  serious  and  imminent  threat  to  public  health  
These  hospitals  have  125  ICU  beds  with  ventilators  and  375  normal  beds  each.  Each  bed  also  has  oxygen  supply.  The  doctors  and
No  one  should  have  to  pay  for  coronavirus  treatment.  Period.  
A  majority  of  COVID-19  deaths  in  the  United  States  happen  in  a  medical  facility  but  people  die  at  home  too.  
Protect  yourself  and  others  from  when  using  public  transportation.  Practice  social  distancing  avoid  touching  surfaces  and  practice  hand  hygiene.  Learn  more:  
Florida  Governor  Ron  DeSantis  Botches  COVID-19  Response  -  By  banning  Corona  beer  in  order  to  flatten  pandemic  curve.
For  a  breakdown  of  cases  by  states  in  real  time  please  see  Currently;  Lagos-  29  FCT-  8  Ogun-  3  Ekiti-  1  Oyo-  1  Edo-  1  Bauchi-1  Total:  44  confirmed  cases  
Good  news,  Wuhan's  corona  virus  can  be  cured  by  one  bowl  of  freshly  boiled  garlic  water.
For  our  We  are  United  ,  and  we  will  fight  against  such  Are  u  with  me?!  
Working  at  a  polling  station?  Help  reduce  the  risk  of  exposure  to  respiratory  diseases  like  by  routinely  cleaning  and  disinfecting  frequently  touched  surfaces  &amp;  voting  associated  electronics.  Learn  more:  
India  has  leapfrogged  with  tests!  More  than  4.14  crore  tests  conducted.  India  has  crossed  10.55  lakh  tests  on  a  single  day.  
Essential  services  include:  1.  Stores  &amp;  market  stalls  selling  food  2.  Pharmacies  3.  Banks  4.  Public  Transportation  Services  MUST:  Provide  hand  sanitiser  or  hand  washing  facilities  for  customers  &amp;  employees  Enforce  social  distancing  Clean  and  disinfect  surfaces  frequently
Coronavirus:  Labour  conference  'with  a  difference'  to  welcome  twice  as  many  as  normal  annual  event  
Man  On  Downtown  New  York  Street  Corner  Asked  If  He's  Got  Any  Toilet  Paper  
Georgia  tops  the  list  of  states  for  'highest  rate  of  new  COVID  cases.'  Critics  suggest  this  surge  is  due  to  a  relaxed  approach  to  mask  wearing  with  little  enforcement  from  local  government.  
Use  this  national  pause  to  keep  your  distance  while  staying  connected.  Play  it  safe  to  protect  yourself  and  others  from  
International  fact  checkers  have  been  busy  debunking  claims  of  people  infected  by  being  "exterminated":  via  
Expired  but  sterilized  N95  masks  get  the  job  done.  
Coronavirus  may  have  spread  due  to  the  consumption  of  bat  soup  according  to  scientists.
India  Tracker  (As  on  12  September  2020  08:00  AM)  Confirmed  cases:  4659984  Recovered:  3624196  (77.8%)Active  cases:  958316  (20.6%)  Deaths:  77472  (1.7%)  Via  
TV  host  and  actress  Kris  Aquino  was  rushed  to  the  hospital  after  testing  positive  for  "COV...,"  hinting  at  COVID-19
Yes,  why  would  a  safe,  cheap  medication  be  refused  by  the  authorities.  To  my  knowledge,  chloroquine  and  hydroxychloroquine  have  never  been  available  OTC,  even  before  Covid.
COVID  19  Situation  in  MH  is  "matter  of  concern"  but  GJ,DL,TN,RJ,MP  r  not..?!.  "Belated  Wisdom"  is  PRIME  Concern  ..Soon  we  reach  70K..Still  our  Health  infrastructure  is  not  fit  if  it  crosses  100K..  Circumcisions..!!  
The  transmission  rate  could  now  be  as  high  as  1.4  in  the  UK  official  figures  show.  takes  a  closer  look  at  the  data  and  says  it  does  look  like  "the  outbreak  is  rising  but  it's  not  rising  as  fast  as  it  did  in  the  spring".  More:  
The  Russian  COVID-19  vaccine  has  basically  leapfrogged  more  than  a  dozen  other  vaccine  candidates  that  are  further  along  in  this  process.  Might  it  work?  Maybe.  Has  it  been  shown  to  be  safe  and  effective?  Not  by  the  usual  rules.  Here's  where  others  stand:  
Based  on  the  15  states  that  report  this  metric:  The  number  of  people  hospitalized  has  grown  to  2544  most  of  them  in  New  York.  Its  worth  noting:  Washington  State  does  not  disclose  this  number  (yet).
COVID-19  deaths  in  US  long-term  care  facilities  have  surpassed  73000  representing  43%  of  all  deaths  and  one  out  of  every  28  LTC  residents  in  America.  And  were  still  learning  how  states  count  and  report  these  figures.  
First  minister  of  Scotland  Nicola  Sturgeon  says  the  country  has  recorded  its  highest  number  of  cases  in  a  single  day  with  486  new  cases  of  the  virus.  Get  the  latest  updates:  
Another  way  to  look  at  this.  New  York  daily  deaths  have  been  a  major  component  of  U.S.  deaths  but  at  least  today  there  was  a  large  increase  in  deaths  in  the  other  states  and  territories.  
Maduro  that  quoted  the  works  of  Sergio  Quintero,  a  Venezuelan  doctor  that  claims  having  found  a  natural  antidote  against  the  sickness,  as  well  as  argued  that  the  virus  was  created  by  the  United  States  as  a  biological  weapon.
In  the  last  15  days  has  seen  60%  surge  in  active  cases...  why  are  we  so  eager  to  resume  the  Delhi  Metro  What  is  the  upside  to  this?  
Queen  Elizabeth  said  Philippine  President  Rodrigo  Duterte  is  the  kind  of  leader  who  knows  the  way  ...  Filipinos  are  very  lucky  to  have  him.
Between  Jan  22  and  Feb  5  fact  checkers  in  a  worldwide  collaboration  with  published  211  fact  checks  on  the  virus.  Only  12  photos  videos  or  claims  were  verified  to  be  correct:  via  
A  recent  study  to  appear  in  the  Journal  of  Infection  finds  that  areas  with  more  air  pollutants  have  higher  rates  of  death  from  COVID.  The  authors  suggest  that  exposure  to  air  pollutants  may  increase  preexisting  inflammation  in  the  lung.  Read  more  here:  
Not  one  politician  has  died  from  the  virus.
The  data  we  have  show  that  less  than  10%  of  reported  cases  &amp;  less  than  0.2%  of  deaths  are  in  people  under  the  age  of  20.  However  more  research  is  needed  about  the  factors  that  increase  the  risk  of  severe  COVID-19  disease  &amp;  death  among  children  &amp;  adolescents-
Trump  blamed  the  Barack  Obama  administration  for  making  "a  decision"  that  delayed  COVID-19  testing  by  the  Trump  administration.
As  of  today  there  are  23917  active  cases  in  District  
700  were  for  businesses  250  related  to  mass  gatheringsComplaints  related  to  retail  businesses  not  having  contact  tracing  but  retail  businesses  are  not  required  customers  but  they  must  contact  trace  workers
There  is  no  one  in  New  Zealand  receiving  hospital-level  care  for  COVID-19.The  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  is  now  1206  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  World  Health  Organization.
A  further  14  people  in  England  have  died  with  in  hospitals  bringing  the  total  to  29676  according  to  NHS  England.  Follow  live  updates  as  daily  figures  start  to  come  in  
COVID-19  TEST  a  FRAUD?
Our  default  logic  has  been  to  use  the  "positive"  cases  only  rather  than  positive  and  suspected.  But  on-the-ground  reporting  shows  that  both  buckets  of  patients  create  strain  on  the  hospital  system.  Until  someone  has  tested  negative  PPE  and  caution  must  be  used.
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Weve  now  tracked  14.6  million  tests  up  441k  from  yesterday  a  new  single  day  high.  Note  that  we  can  only  track  tests  that  a  state  reports.  For  details  see:  
As  per  guidelines  on  disinfection  of  common  public  places  including  offices  it  1%  sodium  hypochlorite  or  phenolic  disinfectants  is  recommended  for  disinfection:  
75  countries  which  would  finance  the  vaccines  from  their  own  public  finance  budgets  partner  with  90  lower-income  countries  that  could  be  supported  through  voluntary  donations.  Together  these  countries  represent  over  60%  of  the  s  population.  
Heres  whats  going  on.  As  states  switch  from  the  long-established  CDC  system  to  the  new  HHS  one  some  hospitals  appear  to  be  having  trouble  reporting  their  numbers.  That  led  both  Texas  and  California  to  place  advisories  on  their  dashboards.  
Brahmins  (a  Higher  Indian  Caste)  chopped  off  a  girl's  tongue  as  an  offering  to  God  to  prevent  COVID-19  infection.
Garlic  will  prevent  coronavirus  infection!  There  is  no  evidence  that  it  can  protect  people  from  COVID-19  but  did  you  ask  for  evidence  before  believing  this  forward?  Ask  for  evidence  as  soon  as  you  see  a  WhatsApp  forward  and  tell  the  sender  
Right  now  our  model  shows  that:  4  states  have  reduced  risk  in  re-opening.  21  have  moderate  risk  in  re-opening  25  have  elevated  risk  in  re-opening.  Find  out  more  about  your  state  and  county  at  covidactnow.org
November  2019  job  listing  for  a  quarantine  advisor  at  the  Centers  for  Disease  Control  and  Prevention  prove  the  government  knew  the  COVID-19  would  hit  United  States.
325  new  cases  of  Lagos-87  FCT-49  Gombe-28  Ebonyi-20  Plateau-19  Kwara-18  Enugu-17  Imo-12  Rivers-12  Kaduna-11  Ogun-10  Edo-9  Oyo-9  Ondo-8  Osun-8  Ekiti-4  Borno-1  Kano-1  Bauchi-1  Nasarawa-1  48770  confirmed  36290  discharged  974  deaths  
WORLD  HEALTH  ORGANISATION  PROTOCOL&PROCEDURE  OF  LOCKDOWN  PERIODS  FOR  CONTROLLING  ON  MOST  DANGEROUS  VIRUS
We  apologise  to  the  Government  of  Ekiti  State  for  this  error.  We  remain  committed  to  improving  our  quality  control  processes  to  ensure  accurate  and  transparent  reporting  of  cases  
True  that!!  This  is  an  imp  piece  of  info.      If  You're  planning  to  order  FabiFlu  online,  favipiravir-approved  medication  for  the  treatment  of  mild  you  need  to  upload  the  docs  prescription  sheet  during  shopping  cart  checkout.    
Yemen  is  currently  suffering  from  three  emergencies  -  the  war  the  hunger  and  the  Disasters  Emergency  Committee's  Saleh  Saeed  says  1  in  4  people  who  contract  in  Yemen  die  -  one  of  the  highest  death  rates  in  the  world.  
For  now  we've  unfrozen  all  states  hospitalization  data  and  you'll  see  a  drop  of  2000  in  the  national  statistics.  Please  read  the  post  above  for  context  on  this  number  and  the  new  ones  from  HHS.  
Boris  Johnson  announced  a  range  of  new  restrictions  -  and  warned  they  could  be  in  place  for  six  months.  Get  more  on  the  latest  measures  here:  
Testing  a  drug  will  determine  if  an  emergency  use  authorization  comes  by  late  fall.  via  
Rural  Health  Partners:  Be  sure  to  join  a  webinar  tomorrow  at  4  pm  ET  for  updated  guidance  with  public  health  practitioners  healthcare  providers  and  others  working  to  protect  the  health  of  rural  communities.  Register  here:  
_A  video  of  a  girl  collapsing  in  a  store  because  she  was  affected  by  coronavirus._
Our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  is  now  1464  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  World  Health  Organization.  Yesterday  our  laboratories  processed  5417  tests  bringing  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  910853.
NEWS!  Heavy  metal  fan  with  Coronavirus  is  down  with  the  sickness  
Florida  broke  New  Yorks  7-day  average  record  for  cases  per  million  population  today.  Testing  capacity  is  obviously  much  much  greater  now  than  in  spring.  However  its  still  stunning  to  see  that  record  fall.  
.claimed:  "I  would  do  press  events  in  May  I  would  never  be  asked  about  coronavirus.''  Press  conference  transcripts  show  his  claim  is  False.  
Its  role  in  coronavirus  severity  made  this  week's  top  clinical  trend.  
The  Drugs  Controller  General  of  India  (DCGI)  has  also  permitted  two  indigenously  developed  vaccines  for  one  developed  by  Bharat  Biotech  International  Ltd  in  collaboration  with  &amp;  another  by  Zydus  Cadila  Healthcare  Ltd  for  the  I&amp;II  phase  of  the  clinical  trial.
Italy  Spain  and  the  United  Kingdom  "present  zero  cases"  of  Covid-19  to  attract  tourists.
96.3%  of  the  deaths  registered  in  Italy  by  COVID-19  died  from  other  pathologies.
As  of  today  there  are  716  positive  cases  in  
Jair  Bolsonaro  has  the  new  coronavirus.
The  South  as  a  whole  looks  likely  to  cross  over  the  10%  positive  rate  on  the  200k+  tests  reported  per  day  in  the  region.  
The  Empress  of  The  High  Seas  Cruise  Line  Is  Offering  Astonishingly  Amazing  Deals  On  Two  of  Their  Cru
IACC  is  to  Autism  as  "X"  is  to  COVID  
No  need  for  testing  prior  to  discharge.  2nd  test  is  done  only  in  severe  cases  after  clinical  recovery.  Review  of  data  indicated  that  after  initial  RTPCR  +ve  results  patients  became  -ve  after  median  duration  of  10  days.  (2/4)
testing  status  update:  stated  that  57239428  samples  tested  upto  September  13  2020  978500  sample  tested  on  September  13  2020  
It's  what  we  got  in  most  cases.  It's  extremely  difficult  to  backdate  in  that  way  unless  the  state  provides  a  full  historical  dataset  every  day.  We're  working  on  that  with  some  states.  -
Says  he  opposes  statewide  mask  order  because  it  would  require  him  to  wear  a  mask  in  my  house,  or  walking  my  dog.
There  are  now  2  categories  of  cases  in  the  US:  1)  Cases  detected  through  the  domestic  public  health  systems  and  2)  cases  among  people  who  were  repatriated  via  flights  from  Wuhan  (China)  &amp;  from  the  Diamond  Princess  cruise  ship  (Japan).  
Forty-nine  new  cases  of  have  been  reported;  23  in  Lagos  12  in  FCT  10  in  Kano  2  in  Ogun  1  in  Oyo  1  in  Ekiti  As  at  10:40  pm  18th  April  there  are  542  confirmed  cases  of  reported  in  Nigeria.  Discharged:  166  Deaths:  19  
As  at  04:00  pm  28th  March  there  are  89  confirmed  cases  1  death  For  a  breakdown  of  cases  by  states  in  real  time  please  see  Currently;  Lagos-  59  FCT-  14  Ogun-  3  Enugu-  2  Ekiti-  1  Oyo-  3  Edo-  2  Bauchi-  2  Osun-1  Rivers-1  Benue-  1
American  coronavirus  vaccine  killed  five  Ukrainians.
The  studies  initiated  by  the  "Military  Research  Institute"  transformed  the  form  of  virus  in  2018.
The  recommended  duration  of  quarantine  for  cases  is  up  to  14  days  from  the  time  of  exposure.  Kindly  refer  to  the  following  documents  for  details:  &amp;  
NEWS!  Racists  furious  at  suggestion  they  should  wear  Muslim-style  face  veil  in  fight  against  deadly  coronavirus  
If  the  president  had  done  his  job,  had  done  his  job  from  the  beginning,  all  the  people  would  still  be  alive.  All  the  people.  I'm  not  making  this  up.  Just  look  at  the  data.
Bharat  Biotech's  COVID-19  vaccine  will  be  available  in  the  market  from  15  August,  according  to  a  letter  from  ICMR  about  fast-tracking  the  clinical  trials  of  the  vaccine.
The  rules  of  seated  separated  single-serverstill  apply  for  hospitality  businesses  but  they  can  now  take  group  bookings  for  more  than  10  people.
An  "official"  mask  to  combat  the  novel  coronavirus  was  released.
Viral  video  shows  a  man  having  great  difficulty  breathing.  Even  the  medical  team  keeps  a  safe  distance  from  this  man.  These  videos  are  shared  as  a  patient  suffering  from  COVID-19.
Current  COVID-19  hospitalization  is  one  of  the  most  useful  data  points  we  have  for  measuring  the  pandemics  effects.  This  figure  has  been  rising  for  the  last  month  and  now  includes  Floridas  hospital  data.  
Relax,  Im  6  feet  away  from  you  whining  essential  workers.  Go  ahead  and  take  my  picture,  I  dont  need  to  wear  no  stupid  mask.  Covid  doesnt  affect  anyone  under  10%  body  fat  BTW.  The  virus  is  only  killing  off  obese  people  who  never  lifted  weights  in  their  lives.
265  new  cases  of  133-Lagos  34-Oyo  28-Edo  23-Ogun  22-FCT  6-Plateau  5-Kaduna  3-Borno  3-Niger  2-Kwara  2-Bauchi  2-Anambra  2-Enugu  7526  cases  of  in  Nigeria  Discharged:  2174  Deaths:  221  
Of  the  89  cases  in  the  community  88  are  linked  to  the  cluster  and  one  remains  under  investigation.  The  worker  from  St  Lukes  Mall  has  been  linked  to  the  current  outbreak  using  genome  sequencing.  However  there  is  no  confirmed  epidemiological  link  with  the  outbreak  yet.  (cont.)
As  of  April  8  48  US  states  &amp;  1  US  territory  report  some  community  spread  of  COVID-19.  Of  those  32  report  cases  are  widespread.  When  out  for  essential  trips  wear  a  cloth  face  covering  &amp;  keep  6+  ft  of  physical  distance  between  yourself  &amp;  others.  
Based  on  recommendations  from  and  others  we  need  to  be  doing  at  least  500k  tests  per  day  in  the  US.  Adjusted  for  population  that's  150  tests  per  100k  ppl.  Here  are  the  states  that  have  averaged  more  than  150  tests  per  100k  people  in  June.  
A  large  country-randomized  controlled  trial  with  2.7  billion  people  shows  that  COVID-19  patients  treated  with  hydroxychloroquine  have  a  79.1%  lower  death  rate
Yeah  we  would  be  extremely  cautious  with  using  the  outcomes  data  right  now.  There  are  a  lot  of  unknowns  and  we're  still  cleaning  the  data  with  queries  out  to  states.  -
If  you  have  a  fever  cough  or  certain  other  symptoms  you  might  have  Most  people  have  mild  illness  and  are  able  to  recover  at  home.  If  you  think  you  may  have  been  exposed  to  COVID-19  contact  your  healthcare  provider.  Learn  more:  
Pak  PM  Imran  Khan's  wife  tested  positive  for  COVID-19.
NEW:  Cruise  ship  travel  could  continue  to  introduce  transmit  or  spread  COVID-19.  has  extended  the  cruise  ship  No  Sail  Order.  See  the  latest  update:  
The  very  popular  advisory  allegedly  from  about  is  .  We  
This  week  CDC  received  15  models  to  forecast  possible  deaths  in  the  US.  As  of  May  25  the  forecasts  suggest  the  increase  in  total  number  of  deaths  to  continue  to  slow  but  exceed  115000  by  June  20.  Forecasts  vary  by  state  see  yours  here:  
Canada  has  just  criminalized  all  CV19  measures  requiring  masks,  distancing,  quarantining  &  vaccines.
Princess  Cruises  offers  Navy  tips  on  Coronavirus  
UPDATE:  pandemic  could  disrupt  bed  net  distributions  &amp;  core  health  services  malaria  burden  could  more  than  double  in  2020  as  a  result  distribution  of  long-lasting  insecticide  treated  nets  essential  to  mitigate  risk  Report  
PM  recently  said  a  vaccine  would  be  "as  mandatory  as  you  can  possibly  make  it".  But  what  does  that  mean?  Experts  we  spoke  to  said  it  was  unlikely  the  vaccination  could  be  forced  upon  the  population  in  Australia.  Here's  why:  
Testing  Status:  ICMR  (tests  a  total  of  144910  samples  from  130792  individuals  as  on  9th  April  202
Yet  all  the  other  masks  have  one  thing  in  common.  A  one  way  valve  to  let  exhaled  air  out.  As  they  SEAL  to  you  facd  stopping  the  ingress  of  paint,  smoke,  bacteria  etc.  Yet  your  cloth  mask  does  none  of  these  and  is  supposed  to  stop  a  virus.  Lol  Give  your  head  a  good  wobble  mate
A  testing  hub  in  for  the  disease  has  recorded  the  shortest  average  time  to  process  samples  among  institutions  in  the  country.  Details  :  
Trump  announces  Strategic  Toilet  Roll  Stockpile  
When  we've  eradicated  Covid-19,  can  we  get  started  on  the  morons?    Get  the  T-Shirt  HERE  &gt;&gt;&gt;  
India's  Recovery  Rate  amongst  the  patients  has  further  improved  to  76.98%.  This  figure  is  demonstrating  a  continuous  progress.  The  number  of  recovered  cases  has  overtaken  the  active  cases  by  more  than  21  lakhs.  
The  UK  faces  a  "tipping  point"  where  "more  restrictive  measures"  could  be  brought  in  to  slow  the  spread  of  the  health  secretary  has  told  Sky  News  
UPDATE  Recovery  Rate  continues  the  uptrend  nearly  72%  today  53322  patients  recovered  and  discharged  in
34  people  were  granted  a  compassionate  exemption  to  attend  a  funeral  or  grieve  with  family.  These  people  either  returned  to  the  facility  or  self  -isolated  at  an  agreed  location.  16  application  were  granted  an  exemption  to  self-isolate  with  a  family  member  who  was  close  to  dying.
I  can't  understand  Sir  your  mocking  or  not,    But  Coronil  has  actually  benefited  many  people  with  COVID  positive.  I've  seen  many  people  and  I  know  them.
It  was  claimed  that  Israelis  discovered  vaccine  for  Coronavirus  and  no  more  deaths  will  be  there
smoke  symptoms  are  too  similar  to  adding  pressure  to  strapped  EDs.  
WHO  announces  Algeria  outside  of  danger  regarding  COVID-19.
Thanks  for  bearing  with  us  as  we  get  a  handle  on  the  new  outcomes  data  that  we're  reporting.  It's  a  bear  and  the  data  definitions  are  a  little  unclear  and  we  are  running  slightly  different  processes.  We'll  wring  the  problems  out  over  the  next  few  days.
The  second  case  is  a  man  in  his  thirties  who  arrived  in  New  Zealand  from  India  on  the  15th  of  June.  He  has  been  staying  at  the  Grand  Millennium.  He  has  not  recorded  any  symptoms  at  this  point  The  mans  wife  who  he  travelled  with  has  also  not  reported  any  symptoms.
China  just  built  57  floors  new  hospital  special  for  virus  Corona    patients  .  In  the  16  hours  finished  the  first  floors  .  19  days  finished    57  floors  hospital  include  the  water  and  electric  power  and  all    hospital  equipment  .
As  of  now  there  is  no  vaccine  for  available  anywhere  in  the  world.  However  for  several  vaccines  are  underway.  Due  to  multiple  variables  involved  and  the  complexity  of  the  process  we  cannot  commit  a  date/timeline  for  the  launch  of  the  vaccine.  
NEW:  You  may  have  noticed  there  are  new  settings  on  your  phone  for  tracking  COVID-19.  Whats  that  all  about?  Not  an  unauthorized  surveillance  plot  as  one  popular  social  media  rumor  suggests.  
Prime  Minister  Narendra  Modi  announced  a  14-hour  curfew  as  the  virus  lives  for  12  hours  on  surfaces.
Italy  decreases  the  number  of  politicians  to  reduce  expenses  by  COVID-19.
The  Italian  government  is  prohibiting  Christian  masses  while  it  allows  prayers  in  Islamic  Mosques.
KOWHEORI-19  (COVID-19)  UpdateThere  are  two  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report.  The  first  has  been  detected  in  a  recent  returnee  in  a  managed  isolation  facility  and  the  second  is  a  community  case.
Health  Ministry  issues  Updated  Advisory  on  testing.  Simplified  Testing  Procedure  &amp;  On-demandTesting  for  the  f
Plandemic:  Indoctornation  claims  that  the  coronavirus  was  designed  in  a  lab  and  global  health  leaders  knew  the  crisis  would  occur
The  gammon's  guide  to  flying  in  the  age  of  Covid-19  
Death  of  a  young  Sri  Lankan  nurse  living  in  Adelaide  Australia  was  due  to  COVID-19.
China  and  the  World  Health  Organization  must  be  held  accountable  by  every  nation  represented  in  the  for  the  bio-engineered  global  weapon,  the  to  every  country  and  government  and  accountable  financially  to  every  man  woman  and  child.  
In  some  cases  people  can  spread  to  pets.  But  the  risk  of  animals  spreading  COVID-19  to  humans  is  low.  There  is  no  need  to  abandon  or  harm  pets.  Learn  more  about  keeping  your  pets  safe:  
If  homeopathy  worked  for  Prince  Charles-COVID  -19  we  should  also  start  looking  for  cures  in  Traditional  Indian  Medicine  more  efficaciously.    I  appeal  to  to  redouble  its  efforts  &  incentive  those  Indian  Institutions  for  eg.  that  are  doing  pioneering  work
The  R  number  could  now  be  as  high  as  1.4  in  Scotland  First  Minister  Nicola  Sturgeon  has  confirmed.  Follow  latest  updates  
The  CDC  may  have  to  stop  calling  COVID-19  an  epidemicdue  to  a  remarkably  low  death  rate.
CDC  Issues  Immediate  Halt  to  Colonoscopies  Due  to  Backdoor  Corona  Danger  
Pope  Francis  Dying  Of  The  Coronavirus?  
76%  of  countries  reported  reductions  in  outpatient  care  attendance  due  to  lower  demand  and  other  factors  such  as  lockdowns  and  financial  difficulties.  
The  pilot  model  has  trained  and  led  India's  fight  against  
Advice  about  coronavirus  prevention  and  remedies  allegedly  from  Stanford  Hospital.
Jorge  Luis  Sonnante  published  a  16-minute  video  that  went  viral  on  networks.  In  the  video  Sonnante  (who  describes  himself  as  a  "deacon"  but  gives  falsified  evidence  of  this  charge)  mixes  several  conspiracy  theories  some  meaningless  others  already  denied  about  the  pandemic  caused  by  the  SARS  coronavirus  -CoV-2.
Agreeing  with  msm  that  the  virus  exists,  as  bioweapon  or  natural,  justifies  need  for  lockdowns,  etc.,  re  "virus"  at  least  "just  to  be  safe".  We  don't  get  to  choose  whether  to  buy  into  science  or  not.  It's  not  just  Kaufman.  There  is  a  lot  of  good  work  being  done  by  many.
Nearly  22000  deaths  have  occurred  in  long-term  facilities  in  the  Southalmost  14000  in  June  July  and  August.  Georgia  and  Florida  have  seen  their  highest  death  tolls  in  the  past  four  weeksover  350  a  week  in  Florida  and  over  100  a  week  in  Georgia.  
Our  number  of  newly  reported  COVID-19  deaths  includes  322  deaths  in  Texas  as  the  state  reported  today.  However  Texas  also  removed  200+  deaths  from  its  cumulative  totals  due  to  an  automation  errorso  the  cumulative  counts  on  reflect  this  adjustment.
What  will  remain  of  at-home  and  telehealth  innovations  in  the  post-COVID  era  is  the  million-dollar  question.  
testing  status  update:  stated  that  056260928  samples  tested  up  to  September  12  2020  1071702  sample  tested  on  September  12  2020  
Update  about  COVID-19  There  is  one  new  case  of  COVID-19  in  managed  isolation  in  New  Zealand  today.  It  has  been  90  days  since  the  last  case  of  COVID-19  was  acquired  locally  from  an  unknown  source.
The  Centers  for  Disease  Control  and  Prevention  applied  for  an  "illegal"  patent  related  to  the  virus  that  causes  SARS.
COVID-19  UpdateThere  are  two  new  community  cases  of  COVID-19.  Both  new  cases  have  an  epidemiological  link  to  an  existing  case  and  they  are  both  associated  with  the  bereavement  events  sub-cluster  that  is  epidemiologically  linked  to  the  Mt  Roskill  Evangelical  Fellowship  group.
They  have  been  in  self-isolation  since  that  case  was  notified.The  second  is  a  person  who  has  travelled  back  from  overseas  so  is  an  imported  case.  Todays  cases  bring  New  Zealands  combined  total  of  confirmed  and  probable  COVID-19  cases  to  1494.
Collecting  data  about  race  is  fundamental  to  understanding  this  outbreak.  We  know  the  health  care  system  underserves  black  communities.  We  know  that  Latinx  and  Asian  communities  experience  overlapping  but  distinct  barriers  to  care  too.
There  are  75  people  linked  to  the  community  cluster  who  remain  at  the  Auckland  quarantine  facility  which  includes  58  people  who  have  tested  positive  for  COVID-19.  
We  updated  our  timeline  of  Donald  Trumps  shifting  response  to  the  coronavirus.  Share  any  Trump  moments  you  think  belong.
Study  finds  evidence  of  heart  damage  in  college  athletes  with  COVID-19  
Kia  ora  Recovered  cases  are  people  who  had  the  virus  are  at  least  10  days  since  onset  and  have  not  exhibited  symptoms  for  48  hours  and  have  been  cleared  by  the  health  professional  responsible  for  their  monitoring.
The  latest  CDC  shows  indicators  used  to  monitor  remain  below  the  peaks  from  March  and  April.  However  multiple  parts  of  the  U.S.  are  seeing  increases  in  levels  of  COVID-like  illness  &amp;  the  percentage  of  ppl  testing  positive  for  
To  Manage  this  covid19  pandemic  exhaustive  distribution  of  Homoeopathic  preventive  "Arsenicum  album  30"  
Today  at  2pm  ET  log  in  to  COCA  Facebook  profile  or  call  in.  COCA  Call  Topic:  UpdateInformation  for  Clinicians  Caring  for  Children  and  Pregnant  Women.  Learn  more  about  the  event  at  
Ireland's  entire  cabinet  will  "restrict  their  movements"  after  the  health  minister  felt  unwell  and  was  tested  for  it  has  been  reported  
Were  proud  to  announce  the  inclusion  of  2  new  labs  to  the  molecular  laboratory  network  for  at  Usman  Danfodio  University  Teaching  Hospital  Sokoto  Ahmadu  Bello  University  Zaria  Kaduna  This  brings  the  number  of  labs  with  capacity  to  test  for  to  15  
West  Bengal:  Kolkata  Metro  Rail  Authority  decides  to  resume  services  from  September  14  in  compliance  with  standard  operati
Not  one  politician  has  died  from  the  virus.
The  South  reported  nearly  65%  of  the  cases  in  the  country  today.  At  ~39k  that's  more  in  one  region  than  the  country  had  ever  reported  before  June  25.  
vaccine  will  cost  too  much  to  be  accessible  for  most  Americans.  
We  are  tracking  the  number  of  people  who  have  been  tested  here  which  is  different  from  "number  of  tests"  which  is  what  the  CDC  has  released  so  far.  Washington  has  tested  the  most  people  and  has  the  most  cases  (267).  NY  now  second  for  cases  at  216.
Community  spread  of  is  occurring  in  parts  of  the  US  including  Washington  Oregon  and  California.  We  expect  to  identify  more  cases  of  coronavirus  disease  2019.  
A  group  of  scientists  is  working  on  genomic  sequences  of  SARS-CoV-2  to  identify  genetic  variability  &amp;  potential  molecular  targets  in  virus  &amp;  human  to  find  the  best  possible  answer  to  combat  the  virus.  1/2  
Starting  in  March  if  you  travel  outside  of  the  United  States  you  wont  be  allowed  back  in  the  country  due  to  high  risk  of  the  coronavirus.
The  coming  weeks  could  see  a  possible  increase  of  cases  as  states  reopen.  Its  too  soon  to  tell  if  this  will  happen  but  CDC  is  working  closely  with  state  health  departments  to  monitor  activity.  Learn  more  about  COVID-19:  
We  need  to  ensure  that  every  person  who  needs  a  coronavirus  test  can  get  one  and  that  the  test  is  free.  Period.
UPDATE:  in  US  63.4%  of  COVID-19  cases  from  adults  (20-49)  1.2%  of  COVID-19  cases  from  children  (0-9)  Reproduction  nr  &gt;1  for  adults  aged  (35-49)  Target  interventions  at  adults  (20-49)  can  facilitate  safe  reopening  of  schools  Report:  
An  update  on  managed  isolation  protocols:  From  11:59  on  April  9th  everybody  coming  across  the  border  to  go  into  14  days  of  quarantine  or  managed  isolation.  Since  then  more  than  19000  people  have  been  in  one  of  those  facilities.
NEWS!  Care  home  workers  apologise  to  Boris  Johnson  for  going  on  holiday  instead  of  attending  COBRA  pandemic  meetings  
A  Muslim  man  was  caught  spreading  coronavirus  and  beaten  up.  The  man  was  caught  spitting  in  fruits.
Follow  simple  steps  to  prevent  the  spread  of  Via  
Sanitary  technicians  are  going  to  inspect  houses  and  seize  cash.
The  United  States  is  "recruiting"  doctors  to  confront  COVID-19.
Your  household  plan  for  should  include  1)  talking  with  your  neighbors  about  emergency  planning  2)  identifying  aid  organizations  in  your  community  &amp;  3)  creating  an  emergency  contact  list.  Learn  more:  
Noel  Gallagher  says  he  refuses  to  wear  a  face  mask  while  shopping  as  he  goes  against  laws  brought  in  during  the  pandemic  to  curb  the  spread  of  
As  of  5  August  2020  there  are  1955  active  cases  in  
Covid  testing  ramped  up  to  over  2  lakh  a  day  via  
PCR  tests  also  detect  common  cold  viruses.
a  military  convoy  transporting  people  who  died  from  the  COVID-19  pandemic  in  Italy.
Remember  the  risk  of  spread  of  is  higher  when  people  gather  Avoid  mass  gatherings  including  religious  settings  social  events  &amp;  others  Please  maintain  a  physical  distance  of  2  meters  away  from  others  at  all  times  
Dont  get  ill:  Britains  12-point  coronavirus  plan  
Drinking  unsweetened  black  tea  before  the  sun  rises  cures  coronavirus.  This  was  prophetised  by  a  newborn  baby  who  died  shortly  after  uttering  the  cure.
NEWS!  New  rise  in  Covid  figures  a  middle-class  hoax  to  have  free  theatre  streams  reinstated
My  Goodness  is  this  true?  Some1nd2findout.  US  n  mny  cointrirs  wth  strongest  Intel  agencies  cudnt  detect  d  fact?  WHO.  cheated  d  world?Is  Corona  not  a  Virus  but  a  bacterial  infection  and  patients  can  cure  only  in  one  day?  See  this  video  and  share  it  so  that  d  facts  can  b  verified.
With  higher  number  of  patients  getting  cured  Indias  total  Recoveries  surpass  30  lakh.  Less  than  0.5  %  patients  on  Ventilators  2%  in  ICUs  &amp;  less  than  3.5%  on  Oxygen  Support.  
307  new  cases  of  Lagos-188  FCT-44  Ogun-19  Kaduna-14  Oyo-12  Bayelsa-9  Gombe-5  Kano-3  Delta-3  Imo-2  Rivers-2  Niger-2  Bauchi-2  Plateau-1  Kwara-1  10162  cases  of  Discharged:  3007  Deaths:  287  
In  the  absence  of  a  vaccine  to  prevent  we  have  to  focus  on  non-pharmaceutical  interventions  such  as  using  face  masks  physical  distancing  and  frequent  hand  washing~  on  Join  the  ongoing  conversation  live
COVID-19  U.S.  outbreak  traced  to  Donald  Trump's  forehead  
Unique  concerns  and  considerations  regarding  DKA  in  the  COVID-19  setting.  
Telangana  CM  has  announced  that  the  lockdown  in  the  state  due  to  shall  continue  till  June  3
India's  recovery  rate  improves  to  75.92%  as  on  August  25  2020  Steady  improvement  in  India's  COVID-19  recovery  rate  since  initiation  on  March  25  2020  Via  
The  Plandemicvideo  that  talks  about  the  new  coronavirus.
Video  of  Muslim  leader  being  accidentally  shot  dead  during  a  celebratory  firing  after  he  recovered  from  COVID-19  in  Pakistan.
Unions  like  are  supporting  their  workers  and  communities  during  this  pandemic.  To  build  a  stronger,  more  inclusive,  and  more  resilient  middle  class  after  this  crisis,  we  must  encourage  unionization.  That  starts  with  enacting  the  PRO  Act.  
Don't  eat  muslims  food  they  spit  and  pack  the  food  to  spread  corona
India  records  yet  another  single-day  rise  of  over  28000  new  cases  while  more  than  5.5  lakh  individuals  have  recovered  from  COVID-19.  Kerala  government  sets  up  its  first  plasma  bank  in  the  state  following  in  the  steps  of  Delhi  and  West  Bengal.  
Centre  exhorts  the  States  to  proactively  curb  the  Chain  of  Transmission  and  bring  Mortality  below  1%.  
Trump  said  "murders  this  year  have  spiked  27%  in  Philadelphia"  True.  Violent  crimes  such  as  rape  and  robbery  have  fallen  amid  COVID-19  but  homicides  and  nonfatal  shootings  have  not.  
Olly  Murs  turns  up  at  his  local  hospital  with  coronavirus  but  it  turns  out  to  be  a  hangover  
While  California  is  dying  Gavin  (Newsom)  is  vacationing  in  Stevensville,  MT!
An  Egyptian  doctor  says  that  the  Tunisians'  immunity  could  be  a  new  treatment  for  Covid-19.
Aled  Jones  reveals  he  prayed  to  God  to  show  mercy  on  the  UK  during  the  coronavirus  crisis  but  it  didnt  work  
West  Bengal  CM  Mamata  Banerjee  has  extended  current  lockdown  till  31  July  to  contain  COVID-19  infections  in  the  state.  Under  Delhi  governments  new  response  plan  all  houses  will  be  screened  by  6  July.  
Katy  Perry  Secretly  Relieved  Her  Wedding  To  Orlando  Bloom  Is  Postponed  Due  To  The  Coronavirus?  
More  cases  have  been  discovered  in  the  South  than  in  any  other  region.  Caveat:  Testing  shortages  in  the  NE  outbreak  mean  that  tests  caught  only  a  fraction  of  infections.  We  dont  yet  know  what  %  of  infections  are  being  caught  in  the  South  where  backlogs  have  begun  to  appear.  
fenugreek  seed  applied  on  a  tape  strip  if  pasted  on  the  thumb  and  left  overnight,  it  can  beat  throat  infection
Sri  Lanka's  IDH  issues  set  of  instructions  to  follow  to  protect  from  Covid-19  infection
New  HHS  guidance  goes  into  effect  today  requiring  all  testing  sites  to  collect  &amp;  report  more  information.  We  hope  it  is  shared  with  the  states  and  the  states  make  it  public.  We  do  not  expect  disruptions  like  those  with  hospitalization  data  nor  do  we  expect  perfect  compliance.
With  nearly  28500  new  infections  reported  in  India  the  total  confirmed  case  count  reaches  a  record  nine  lakh.  Union  minister  Jitendra  Singh  and  BJP  leader  Ram  Madhav  go  into  self-quarantine  after  J&amp;Ks  BJP  unit  chief  Ravindra  Raina  test  positive  for  COVID-19.  
An  hospital  was  set  on  fire  in  Nairobi  after  people  discovered  a  lot  of  "poisoned  vaccines"  against  coronavirus  sent  by  the  USA.
Italians  bidding  goodbye  to  the  world  because  of  coronavirus.
President  Donald  Trump  will  evoke  (sic)  what  is  called  the  Stafford  actand  order  a  two  week  mandatory  quarantine  for  the  nation.
In  January,  Donald  Trump  claimed  the  coronavirus  was  totally  under  control.In  February,  he  said  it  would  disappear.    Now,  hes  saying  it  couldve  been  stopped  pretty  easily  if  we  had  known.Donald  Trump  knew.  He  failed  to  act.  And  now  were  paying  the  price.
Both  arrived  from  India  on  August  23  and  they  are  each  a  close  contact  of  separate  previously  reported  confirmed  cases.  There  are  two  new  cases  in  the  community  both  linked  to  the  Auckland  August  cluster.
Early  identification  through  aggressive  TESTING  comprehensive  surveillance  &amp;  contact  TRACING  along  with  focus  on  timely  and  efficient  clinical  TREATMENT  of  patients  have  ensured  high  number  of  speedy  recoveries.
Hospitalizations  reflect  the  same  trends.  Arizona  now  has  more  people  hospitalized  than  NY.  (Note:  Florida  might  be  on  the  right-hand  list  but  it  does  not  provide  this  metric.)  
Study  volunteers  at  a  much  higher  risk  for  complications  or  death.  
Coronavirus:  'A  test  the  government  must  pass'  -  ministers  urged  to  prioritise  testing  in  schools  
Are  kids  with  more  contagious  than  adults?  explores  the  viral  load.  
Hepatitis  C  drugs  show  promise  against  the  but  clinical  trials  must  confirm.  
A  big  part  of  the  American  story  is  the  slow  easing  of  the  outbreak  in  New  York.  New  York  deaths  represent  an  ever  smaller  number  of  the  total  daily  deaths.  Where  New  York  once  represented  half  of  a  day's  death  toll  it  is  now  down  to  30%.  
We  have  done  16  to  17  thousand  tests  already  and  India  has  capacity  to  perform  50  to  70  thousand  tests  a  week;  There  are  1
_Indian  yoga  guru  Baba  Ramdev  has  been  infected  with  coronavirus._
the  treatment  for  coronavirus  is  mentioned  in  an  Intermediate  Zoology  book.  The  viral  forward  reads:  It  is  not  a  new  disease  as  it  is  already  mentioned  in  the  Intermediate  zoology  book  along  with  its  treatment.  It  happens  sometimes  that  many  great  scientists  and  doctors  do  not  focus  on  lesser-known  books  as  they  are  mostly  busy  with  famous  books.
At  midday  today  the  alert  level  2  restrictions  on  social  gatherings  were  eased.  Groups  of  up  to  100  people  are  now  permitted  this  includes  events  at  home  and  outside  of  home  and  gatherings  like  religious  services  parties  weddings  tangihanga  and  funerals.
Our  daily  update  is  published.  States  reported  696k  tests  and  52k  cases.  This  marks  the  first  time  since  July  13  that  states  reported  fewer  than  700k  tests.  There  were  1176  COVID-19  deaths  reported.  
On  the  5th  Jan  days  after  a  cluster  of  unknown  pneumonia  was  identified  in  Wuhan  ;  WHO  shared  detailed  info  on  the  cases  with  the  &amp;  advised  all  countries  &amp;  emergency  contact  points  to  take  precautions  to  reduce  the  risk  of  severe  acute  respiratory  infections-
Re:  the  two  women  who  drove  from  Auckland  to  Wellington:  New  information  tells  us  that  they  had  some  limited  physical  contact  with  two  friends  after  getting  lost  trying  to  leave  Auckland.
Hospitals  in  the  United  States  get  paid  $750  for  patients  who  die  from  the  flu  $17500  for  COVID-19.
The  Disaster  Management  Act  has  been  implemented  across  India.  As  per  the  act  apart  from  the  government  departments  no  other  citizen  is  allowed  to  post  or  share  any  forward  related  to  the  novel  coronavirus.
Text  in  Lithuanian  excerpted  from  a  letter  claims  WHO  measures  are  a  genocide  and  pandemic  isn't  real.
Hospitalizations  continue  to  rise.  We  recorded  6136  up  from  4468  yesterday.  Note:  We  are  seeking  guidance  from  states  on  how  to  interpret  their  hospitalization  data.  It's  not  always  clear  whether  states  mean  how  many  people  are  hospitalized  NOW  or  cumulatively.
Coronavirus:  Facebook  and  NHS  team  up  to  call  for  blood  donations  ahead  of  second  wave  
Martin  stared  at  his  reflection  delighting  in  the  fact  that  when  Ireland  was  in  need  of  a  transformational  leader  as  it  fought  a  pandemic,  a  once-in-a-century  recession,  housing  shortages  and  inequality,  Ireland  got  Michel  Martin  instead.  
We're  getting  a  lot  of  questions  about  Georgia.  As  you  can  see  no  clear  signal  of  a  major  outbreak  in  the  state.  Testing  volume  is  way  down  since  May  26  but  the  state  is  reporting  about  the  same  number  of  cases.  It's  unclear  if  this  is  a  testing  or  a  test  reporting  issue.  
If  COVID-19  does  get  into  the  community  it  could  spread  very  quickly  from  large  gatherings  as  weve  seen  at  other  large  gatherings  such  as  weddings  and  parties.For  this  reason  people  in  managed  isolation  can  no  longer  leave  isolation  to  attend  a  funeral  or  tangihanga.
Eight  of  our  significant  clusters  have  closed  unchanged  from  yesterday.  A  cluster  is  considered  to  be  closed  when  there  have  been  no  new  cases  for  two  incubation  periods  (i.e.  28  days)  from  the  date  when  all  cases  have  completed  isolation.
The  homeopathic  drug  Arsenicum  Album  30  can  prevent  coronavirus.
False:  Mike  Pence's  claim  that  Oklahoma  flattened  the  COVID-19  curve.  Data  shows  that  Oklahomas  daily  caseload  has  risen  consistently  in  June  and  to  levels  higher  than  at  any  point  in  the  pandemic.  
India  records  Highest  ever  single  day  peak  of  63631  recoveries.  as  Total  recoveries  cross  22  lakh.  Recoveries  exceed  the  active  cases  by  more  than  15  lakh.  
Argentinian  doctor  Mhlberger  has  the  cure  against  COVID-19
As  per  Govt.  all  passengers  who  enter/de-board  in  NCT  of  Delhi  shall  for  7  days.  You  may  contact  the  State  Helpline  for  assistance:  011  22391014  /  22302441  /  22307133  /  22304568  /  22307745  /  22307135  /  22307145  /  22300012  /  22300036  /  22301028  
Mortality  analysis:  Age-wise:  -50%  deaths  belong  to  60  years  and  above  age  group.  -37%  deaths  belong  to  45-60  years  age  group.  -11%  deaths  belong  to  26-44  years  age  group.  Gender-wise:  -68%  deaths  were  among  men.  -32%  deaths  were  among  women.  
Our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  is  1271.  We  will  report  this  to  the  WHO.
There  is  a  vaccine  for  Coronavirus  
A  banner  with  a  swastika,  Trumpand  Penceis  from  a  Michigan  coronavirus  protest.
54  people  linked  to  the  cluster  have  been  moved  to  a  quarantine  facility  including  24  people  who  have  tested  positive.  Our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  to  date  is  1258  -  we  will  report  this  to  the  WHO.
1.  2Brilliant  business  model  More  than  masks,  steam  inhalation  2-3  times  a  day  is  the  surest  way  of  defeating  .  
410  new  cases  of  Lagos-210  FCT-45  Ondo-30  Plateau-21  Edo-19  Ogun-16  Oyo-13  Nasarawa-12  Bauchi-11  Enugu-10  Kwara-7  Kaduna-6  Anambra-4  Ebonyi-3  Abia-2  Rivers-1  49895  confirmed  37051  discharged  981  deaths  
Burglars  Suffer  Corona  Crash  
The  vaccine  against  the  new  coronavirus  has  existed  since  2001
Stop  using  to  treat  
Little  chance  we  will  see  a  coronavirus  vaccine  before  November  says.  
Remember  to  practice  every  day  during  Put  away  foods  that  could  spoil  such  as  meats  milk  &amp;  eggs
OK  grades  are  back.  The  score  contains  4  simple  components:  1.  +1  for  reporting  positives  reliably  (only  NV  fails)  2.  +1  for  reporting  negatives  sometimes  3.  +1  for  reporting  negatives  reliably  4.  +1  for  reporting  all  commercial  tests  (All  labs  report  positives.)  
Your  child  may  be  more  likely  to  get  severely  ill  from  if  they  are  younger  than  1  or  have  certain  medical  conditions.  Talk  to  your  childs  healthcare  provider  about  your  childs  risk  and  how  to  keep  your  child  healthy.  Learn  more:  
Coronavirus  does  spreads  through  frozen  food.
Maybe  all  those  things  plus  lack  of  access  to  swabs  and  PPE  for  healthcare  workers  to  do  tests.
a  doctor  from  Pune  died  of  coronavirus  and  was  cremated  by  Muslims  in  Pune
|  Covid-19  has  affected  more  than  100  countries  it  has  claimed  2%  of  lives  of  the  total  people  who  hav
Latest  update  from  the  Ministry  of  Health:  For  the  5th  consecutive  day  there  are  no  new  cases  of  COVID-19  in  New  Zealand.  Our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  remains  the  same  at  1154  and  the  total  number  of  confirmed  and  probable  cases  is  1504.  
Wearing  masks  for  the  coronavirus  decreases  oxygen  intake,  increases  toxin  inhalation,  shuts  down  immune  system,  increases  virus  risk,  scientifically  inaccurate,  effectiveness  not  studied.
Facebook  and  Twitter  took  action  against  Trump  for  statement  that  children  are  almost  immunefrom  COVID-19.  The  platforms  said  he  violated  policies  on  misinformation.  
including  that  there  will  again  be  testing  of  asymptomatic  workers  involved  in  managed  isolation  and  quarantine  and  airport  and  border  staff.  This  is  part  of  our  wider  surveillance  measures  and  is  expected  to  be  operational  in  early  July.
There  has  been  a  unprecedented  surge  in  Recoveries  in  India.  There  is  more  than  100%  increase  in  patients  recovered  and  discharged  in  the  past  29  days.  
Photo  of  COVID-19  infected  gods  being  treated  by  Hindu  Priests  in  India
If  you  only  read  three  stories...  PM  to  announce  new  COVID  measures  including  restaurant  curfew  People  who  get  flu  and  COVID  in  'trouble'  -  health  expert  John  Lennon's  killer  apologises  to  widow  
Trump  administration  plans  to  stop  COVID  screening  foreign  travelers  arriving  from  high  risk  areas  over  concerns  about  efficiency  &amp;  effectiveness.  These  screenings  often  cause  overcrowding  and  long  lines  while  only  detecting  a  few  cases.  Read  more:  
It  is  to  the  credit  of  the  graded  &amp;  collaborative  efforts  of  the  Centre  and  States/UTs  that  widespread  testing  has  enabled  more  than  6lakh  tests  daily  for  3  days  in  a  row.  From  1  lab  in  Jan  2020  India  now  has  1370  labs.  
A  video  has  been  viewed  thousands  of  times  in  multiple  posts  on  Facebook  Twitter  and  YouTube  which  claim  it  shows  Chinese  police  arresting  people  infected  with  the  novel  coronavirus.
UPDATE  The  total  number  of  active  cases  in  the  country  stands  at  897394  as  on  date.  Five  States  of  Ma
plans  at  a  pool  or  beach?  Stay  6  feet  away  from  others.  when  not  in  the  water.  Wash  your  hands  often.  Help  protect  yourself  and  your  friends  from  Learn  more:  
Continuous  Use  Of  Hand  Sanitizers  Causes  Cancer
I  see  no  time  in  the  history  of  this  country  when  perfectly  healthy  people  have  been  basically  confined  to  their  homes  or  only  able  to  do  essential  things  as  in  Kansas  City  or  St.  Louis.
Total  Cases  in  India  (as  on  September  15  2020)  78.28%  Cured/Discharged/Migrated  (3859399)  20.08%  Active  cases  (990061)  1.64%  Deaths  (80776)  Total  COVID-19  confirmed  cases  =  Cured/Discharged/Migrated+Active  cases+Deaths  
States  like  New  York  Illinois  and  California  have  been  vocal  in  their  demands  for  funding  to  bail  out  their  pension  systems  which  were  failing  long  before  the  COVID-19  outbreak  and  other  programs  that  arent  related  to  this  crisis.
At  present  there  are  nine  vaccines  that  are  part  of  this  dynamic  portfolio;  which  is  constantly  being  reviewed  and  optimised  to  ensure  access  to  the  best  possible  range  of  products.-
Want  to  get  the  team  together?  We  have  COVID-safe  meeting  rooms  and  plenty  of  space,  free  WiFi  and  coffee.  Conveniently  located  off  the  M40  in  close  to  train,  road  and  bus  links  
The  biggest  pandemic  to  ever  hit  world  are  not  one  but  two  -  1.  Conversion  to  I  2.  Conversion  to  C  Much  worse  than  Corona.  Because  Corona  goes  away  in  2  weeks.  This  persists  till  generations  are  doomed.    Agniveer  will  fight  this  pandemic  as  top  priority.  Bless  us.  
This  week  the  is  conducting  a  hands-on  training  on  infection  prevention  &amp;  control  for  healthcare  workers  from  primary  secondary  &amp;  tertiary  health  facilities  in  Kwara  We  are  committed  to  strengthening  IPC  practices  and  ensuring  the  safety  of  our  responders  
More  evidence  that  universal  masking  is  critically  important  to  slow  the  spread  of  the  virus.  
A  Facebook  post  that  claims  that  the  COVID-19  is  a  "fraud"  because  the  mass  media  used  the  same  photo  of  a  portuguese  boy  in  multiple  stories  about  children  who  died  from  COVID-19.
About  50%  of  patients  with  +  required  hospitalization  with  low  mortality.  
State-wise  details  of  Total  Confirmed  cases(till  05  September  2020  08:00  AM)  States  with  1-10000  confirmed  cases  States  with  10001-100000  confirmed  cases  States  with  100000+  confirmed  cases  Total  no.  of  confirmed  cases  so  far  
We  know  that  Bharat  Biotech  has  already  on  human  trial  of  Corona  Vaccine.  Dr  V  K  Srinivas  ,Vice  President  Bharat  Biotech  has  taken  First  Corona  Vaccine  clinical  trial  and  he  said  he  is  first  person  in  India  to  take  this  Vaccine  develop  by  him  and  his  team.  We  Salute
Latest  recommendations  for  the  use  of  remdesivir  and  dexamethasone  in  coronavirus.  
Official  figures  show  18371  new  people  tested  positive  for  COVID-19  in  England  between  3  September  and  9  September  a  substantial  increase  of  167%  compared  with  the  end  of  August  
Study  Shows  Most  Americans  Prefer  Indefinite  Isolation  to  Giving  Up  Bacon  
Brooklyn  Crime  Boss  Salvatore  Goombalini  Says  That  New  Yorkers  Better  Start  Self-Isolating  
Help  prevent  the  spread  of  Avoid  close  contact  with  people  who  are  sick  wash  hands  often  for  at  least  20  secon
testing  status  update:  stated  that  46679145  samples  tested  upto  September  04  2020  1169765  sample  tested  on  September  04  2020  
Navigating  immunosuppression  during  the  pandemic  continues  to  challenge  patients  and  providers.  Thanks  to  the  Medical  Dermatology  Society  and  Society  of  Dermatology  Hospitalists,  here  is  an  article  to  help  navigate  these  difficult  decisions.  
Apart  from  stickers  on  alternate  seats  is  now  further  strengthening  the  social  distancing  signages  inside  its  trains.  
As  at  11:30  pm  23rd  April  cases  by  state:  Lagos-582  FCT-133  Kano-73  Ogun-29  Katsina-21  Osun-20  Oyo-17  Edo-17  Borno-12  Kwara-11  Akwa  Ibom-11  Kaduna-9  Gombe-9  Bauchi-8  Delta-6  Ekiti-4  Ondo-3  Rivers-3  Jigawa-2  Enugu-2  Niger-2  Abia-2  Benue-1  Anambra-1  Sokoto-1  Adamawa-1  Plateau-1
In  -  on  average  each  person  with  COVID  is  infecting  0.75  other  people.  Because  each  person  is  infecting  less  than  one  other  person  the  total  number  of  current  cases  in  Connecticut  is  shrinking.  
Muslim  man  in  Dehradun  spitting  to  spread  coronavirus.
You  cannot  catch  Covid-19  person  to  person  or  touching  surfaces.
George  Soros  is  one  of  the  people  responsible  for  the  new  coronavirus  born  in  a  laboratory.
A  photo  of  fatigued  medical  professional  in  the  battled  against  COVID-19.
India's  recovery  rate  improves  to  79.68%  as  on  September  20  2020  Steady  improvement  in  India's  COVID-19  recovery  rate  since  initiation  on  March  25  2020  Via  
New  York  state  hospitals  reporting  thousands  of  fungus  lung  infections  due  to  wearing  a  mask!!
India  registers  yet  another  single-day  record  of  over  45000  new  infections  taking  the  countrys  confirmed  case  tally  to  12.3  lakh.  At  the  official  residence  of  the  Tamil  Nadu  governor  84  security  and  fire  services  personnel  test  positive  for  COVID-19  
A  video  of  a  girl  collapsing  in  a  store  because  she  was  affected  by  coronavirus.
Says  the  NBA  is  asking  Donald  Trump  to  resign  or  well  never  play  again.
Most  of  you  know  this  by  now  but  there  is  a  very  strong  weekend  effect  that  hits  on  Sundays  and  Mondays  especially  in  the  reporting  of  COVID-19  deaths.  Sundays  are  highlighted  in  red  below.  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  We  see  slightly  lower  numbers  than  earlier  in  the  week  probably  due  to  the  holiday  weekend.  6  states  (CT  KS  KY  LA  MN  RI)  did  not  report  at  all  and  some  others  had  lower  numbers  than  usual.  Still:  states  reported  52k  new  cases.  
A  video  has  been  shared  in  multiple  Facebook  and  Twitter  posts  in  April  2020  alongside  a  claim  it  shows  a  temple  in  India  that  was  turned  into  a  COVID-19  quarantine  centre  by  the  state  government.
There  is  no  pandemic
NEWS!  Worlds  bellends  demand  instant  vaccine  as  Coronavirus  hits  iPhone  production  
Kia  ora  Dallas  yes.  If  someone  refuses  the  test  at  the  end  of  their  14  days  they  will  need  to  stay  another  14  days  in  managed  isolation.  Currently  the  costs  of  managed  isolation  and  quarantine  facilities  are  covered  
A  nurse  from  the  city  of  Bucaramanga  Colombia  was  attacked  with  stones  by  people  who  said  she  was  going  to  infect  them  with  COVID-19.
5  death  row  inmates  have  died  of  
image  of  Prime  Minister  Narendra  Modi  announcing  the  Internet  shut  down  for  one  week  and  claiming  that  it  is  being  done  to  avoid  panic  in  people  is  widely  circulated  on  the  messaging  app  and  social  media  platforms.
On  the  9th  on  May  we  announced  45  discharged  cases  &amp;  4  deaths  in  FCT  Due  to  system  error  32  discharged  cases  and  2  deaths  were  wrongly  announced  Therefore  FCT  recorded  13  discharged  cases  &amp;  2  deaths  on  May  9  2020  We  apologise  to  for  this  error
The  Chinese  are  destroying  the  5G  poles  as  they  are  aware  that  it  is  the  thing  triggering  the  Corona  symptoms.
Jack-In-The-Box  Suggests  That  Eating  Their  Ultimate  Cheesburger  Could  Help  Fight  Off  Coronavirus  Germs  
Sex  Workers  Inundated  With  Requests  To  Sneeze  On  People  Since  Covid-19  Emerged  
panic  attacks  and  share  some  of  the  same  symptoms?  Visit  to  learn  how  to  spot  the  differe
What  happens  to  people  who  are  made  long-term  unemployed  by  As  just  said  on  their  prospects  are  bleak:  
Prime  Minister  Boris  Johnson  says  the  UK  does  not  currently  have  the  testing  capacity  available  to  meet  the  demands  of  people  wanting  tests  but  adds  the  daily  testing  capacity  will  be  500000  by  the  end  of  October.  Follow  live:  
Pictures  of  Egyptian  nuns  who  manufacture  medical  masks.
Govt  has  clarified  that  Pradhan  Mantri  Suraksha  Bima  Yojana  (doesn't  cover  related  deaths.  PIB  said  Pradhan  Mantri  Jeevan  Jyoti  Bima  Yojana  (PMJJBY)  covers  deaths  with  certain  conditions.  
Our  current  effective  capacity  is  6730.  This  gives  us  an  excess  capacity  of  4261.  Over  the  next  week  we  are  projecting  3319  arrivals  and  1198  departures  from  our  facilities.
Travel  increases  your  chances  of  getting  and  spreading  CDC  advises  against  nonessential  international  travel.  If  y
WHO  said  that  the  novel  coronavirus  is  losing  potency.
Truth  About  Tom  Hanks  And  Rita  Wilson  Fighting  For  Their  LivesAfter  Coronavirus  Diagnosis  
Maharashtra  Karnataka  and  Andhra  Pradesh.  Together  with  the  States  of  Uttar  Pradesh  and  Tamil  Nadu  these  5  states  contribute  nearly  60%  of  the  total  active  cases.  
Did  you  know  September  is  Sepsis  Awareness  Month?  Sepsis  is  the  bodys  extreme  response  to  an  infection  and  is  a  life-threatening  medical  emergency.  Learn  how  you  can  protect  yourself  and  your  family:  
I  understand  the  sleepless  nights,  wondering  if  your  deployed  child  is  safe,  and  all  the  added  sacrifices  military  families  face  because  their  loved  one  chose  selfless  service.    As  president,  I'll  take  care  of  our  troops  and  their  families.  
Nostradamus  predicted  Coronavirus  pandemic  500  years  ago.
Setting  realistic  expectations  for  patients  with  this  chronic  condition  is  key.  
The  fastest  route  to  ending  the  pandemic  &amp;  accelerating  the  economic  recovery  is  to  ensure  some  people  are  vaccinated  in  all  countries  not  all  people  in  some  countries-
India  witnesses  an  unprecedented  surge  in  testing.  Over  1170000  tests  done  in  the  last  24  hours.  
The  variation  between  states/territories  is  also  fascinating.  DC  told  the  Washington  Post  it  doesn't  report  probables  because  it  doesn't  have  any.  Delaware  meanwhile  with  a  comparable  total  case  count  reports  nearly  1000  probable  cases.
The  coronavirus  disease  is  caused  by  a  bacterium  that  in  turn  causes  thrombosis.  Moreover  these  bacteria  get  stronger  under  the  influence  of  the  5G  waves.
Tracking  city-level  data  allows  us  to  see  that  48%  of  Black  people  who  have  died  from  COVID-19  in  Michigan  are  from  Detroit.  But  the  decisions  that  individual  jurisdictions  make  can  obscure  the  scale  of  this  impact.  
The  video  of  doctors  singing  "Resistir"  with  guitar  and  face  masks  happened  in  Mexico.
BREAKING:  The  UK  has  recorded  4322  new  cases  of  according  to  daily  figures  -  it's  the  highest  daily  number  of  infections  since  May.  Follow  live  COVID-19  updates:  
Recent  news  and  media  claims  that  the  Tuberculosis  vaccine-  BCG  may  be  effective  against  COVID-19
Our  update  is  published.  As  expected  most  numbers  were  lower  over  the  last  2  days.  Current  hospitalizations  however  do  not  display  the  same  weekend  effect.  There  are  almost  54k  COVID-19  patients  in  hospitals  across  the  US.  The  7-day  average  for  daily  deaths  increased  modestly.  
Coronavirus  deaths  75%  lower  in  nations  using  hydroxychloroquine!  
In  itly  they  couldn't  control  the  virus  so  the  people  of  italy  is  saying  goodbye  to  the  worldoutside  the  Majid  of  Milan  .  This  is  really  Heart  Breaking  Stand  With  Italy..
A  photo  shows  coronavirus  victims  lying  in  the  streets  in  China.
Coronavirua:  Video  of  masked  men  open  firing  viral  as  China
While  addressing  the  nation  PM  Mahinda  Rajapaksa  stated  that  opposition  did  not  support  the  supplementary  budget  proposal  for  COVID-19  relief  measures  hence  there  is  no  point  in  reconvening  the  Parliament.
We're  pleased  to  announce  the  inclusion  of  the  24th  lab  to  the  National  Laboratory  Network:  Everight  Diagnostic  &amp;  Laboratory  Services  Imo  State  Read  our  latest  guide  on  the  integration  of  private  sector  laboratories  for  testing  
The  latest  updates  from  the  Director-General  of  Health:There  are  no  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  New  Zealand  today.However  our  total  number  of  cases  has  risen  by  4  as  the  cases  that  were  tested  in  Uruguay  in  early  April  have  been  added  to  our  numbers.  
New  finds  odds  of  outbreaks  in  West  Virginia  nursing  homes  are  17x  higher  in  low  quality  than  in  high  quality  nursing  homes  as  rated  by  Health  depts  can  use  CMS  ratings  to  identify  nursing  homes  at  higher  risk  for  COVID-19.  
Men  scramble  to  find  a  personality  after  CDC  suggests  shaving  beard  to  stop  coronavirus  
Photo  shows  millions  of  people  at  Berlin  anti-coronavirus  restriction  rally  in  late  August  2020
Five  cases  previously  reported  in  Lagos  State  have  been  transferred  to  Ogun  State  Therefore  Lagos  has  reported  430  confirmed  cases  while  Ogun  has  reported  20  confirmed  cases
A  list  of  10  claims  about  the  coronavirus  allegedly  from  a  doctor  who  worked  in  a  hospital  in  Shenzhen.
Elderly  people  are  left  to  die  in  an  Italian  hospital  near  Milan.
Just  6%  of  Britons  have  antibodies  -  and  levels  wane  over  two  months  the  government's  scientific  advisers  warn  
Coronavirus:  Hospital  in  urgent  plea  for  people  not  to  go  to  'very  busy'  A&amp;E  for  COVID-19  tests  
Nicola  Sturgeon  confirms  R  number  "could  be  as  high  as  1.4"  in  Scotland.  Read  more  here:  
Highlights  of  the  week  Over  4.5  crore  samples  tested  so  far  Over  1.1  million  tests  done  in  the  last  24  hours  Over  29  lak
The  other  number  that  jumps  off  the  page  is  New  York's  testing  ramp.  But  it's  actually  4th  in  per-capita  testing  behind  Washington  Maine  and  New  Mexico.  
In  1986,  the  founder  of  the  Times  Square  Church  prophesied  that  he  saw  a  plague  coming  on  the  world  and  the  bars  and  church  and  government  will  shut  down,with  New  York  City  especially  hard  hit.
Protocols  included:  -Undertaking  a  test  for  COVID-19  -Travelling  directly  from  the  facility  to  agreed  address  without  leaving  vehicle  -Wearing  PPE  including  gloves  and  masks  when  spending  time  with  the  family  member  that  is  dying.
As  of  today  there  are  2750  active  cases  in  
All  fans  of  have  prayed  for  his  fast  recovery.  We  were  all  sure  that  he  will  get  well  soon:  Filmmaker  tells  TIMES  NOW.
In  our  laboratory,  we  found  trace  amount  of  the  virus  on  the  skin  of  fruits  and  vegetables  after  12  hours  of  being  touched  by  another  customer  who  was  infected.  We  recommend  our  staff  to  avoid  salads.  Do  not  eat  the  fruits  within  48  hours  of  purchase,  or  pour  some  boiling  water  over  the  fruit  before  cutting.  Berries,  apples,  cucumbers  and  tomatoes  are  the  worst  because  some  people  eat  the  skin.  This  explains  why  the  virus  is  spreading  faster  in  the  west  than  asia.  Most  Asians  do  not  eat  salad  and  very  few  people  eat  the  skin  of  any  fruit.  We  have  to  assume  anything  that  comes  from  outside  our  home  within  48  hours  is  infected.  Shoes,  clothes,  our  hair,  all  food.  Hope  that  helps,  pls  take  extreme  care.  Kind  Regards.
Yesterday  we  erroneously  reported  one  new  case  in  Ekiti.  This  was  wrong  and  was  caused  by  an  error  in  the  verification  process.  Therefore  as  at  April  18  2020  there  are  541  confirmed  cases  166  discharged  and  19  deaths.  Ekiti  state  has  3  confirmed  cases  NOT  4  
If  this  doesnt  create  significant  change  in  the  industry  nothing  ever  will.  
A  news  article  says  that  Russian  president  Vladimir  Putin  is  supporting  US  president  Donald  Trump  in  stopping  funding  the  World  Health  Organization.  Putin  has  said  that  the  WHO  is  evil  and  should  be  terminated.
Deaths1564  yesterdaywere  pretty  close  to  the  average  April  daily  deaths  of  ~1500  but  lower  than  recent  days.  Note:  we  saw  a  big  dip  Sun/Mon  last  week  (4/5-4/6)  before  jumping  to  a  new  plateau.  
Prince  Charles  And  Camilla  Parker  Bowls  'Rescuing'  Archie  From  America  And  Coronavirus  Pandemic?  
COVID-19  Update  Today  there  are  five  new  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report.  Two  of  those  are  imported  cases  in  managed  isolation.  Three  new  community  cases  -  two  of  these  are  contacts  of  previously  confirmed  cases  and  one  is  under  investigation.
Hair  weave  and  lace  fronts  manufactured  in  China  may  contain  the  coronavirus.
59  hand  sanitizers  are  too  toxic  to  use  safely.  via  
As  Coronavirus  Threatens,  Americans  Glad  to  Have  Strong  Serious  Leader  Who  Trusts  in  Science  at  the  Helm  
Diary  Of  Someone  With  Covid-19  In  Self-Isolation
Every  Indian  citizen  to  get  Rs.5000  as  COVID-19  relief  by  clicking  on  this  link  given  in  the  viral  Whatsapp  message.
All  deaths  by  respiratory  failure  and  pneumonia  are  being  registered  as  COVID-19  according  to  the  Civil  Registry  website.
Talk  show  host  Jimmy  Kimmel  has  said  this  year's  Emmy  Awards  which  is  taking  place  virtually  because  of  the  pandemic  could  end  up  a  "beautiful  disaster"  
Picture  of  a  hospital  in  Santo  AndrBrazil.  It  says  in  the  caption  that  despite  the  COVID-19  crisis  the  hospital  has  no  patients.
Weston  General  Hospital  in  Somerset  has  apologised  over  the  deaths  of  patients  in  a  COVID-19  outbreak  in  May.  
In  phase  1  doses  will  be  allocated  proportionally  to  all  participating  countries  simultaneously  to  reduce  overall  risk.  In  phase  2  consideration  will  be  given  to  countriesin  relation  to  threat  and  vulnerability-
The  first  test  results  for  the  Moderna  vaccine  are  disappointing.
Sadly  there  are  four  people  in  hospital  with  COVID-19  three  are  stable  and  in  isolation  on  a  ward  -  one  in  Middlemore  and  two  in  North  Shore  hospital.  The  fourth  person  is  in  Waikato  Hospital  in  ICU.
can  be  spread  by  people  who  do  not  have  symptoms  &amp;  do  not  know  that  they  are  infected.  Masks  can  help  prevent  people  who  have  COVID-19  from  spreading  the  virus  to  others.  Learn  more:  
Complete  fibrinolysis  shutdown  seen  in  severe  
has  a  low  percentage  (0.6%)  of  positive  COVID  tests  which  suggests  enough  widespread  aggressive  testing  in  Vermont  to  detect  most  new  cases.  Identifying  and  isolating  new  cases  can  help  contain  COVID  without  resorting  to  lockdowns.  
A  message  that  offers  food  assistance  to  people  at  risk  of  social  exclusion  in  Spain.
Yesterday  our  labs  processed  23682  tests.  For  the  past  three  days  our  labs  have  processed  63231  tests.  Tests  may  take  unto  48  hours.  Positive  results  are  reported  promptly  and  negative  tests  may  take  longer  to  return.  We  thank  you  for  your  patience.
Londoners  should  expect  to  see  more  police  officers  on  the  streets  of  the  capital  helping  to  enforce  the  new  restrictions  the  Met  Police  has  said.  Follow  live  updates  
290  new  cases  of  Lagos-82  Plateau-82  Oyo-19  FCT-18  Edo-16  Kaduna-15  Enugu-9  Ogun-9  Kano-8  Kwara-8  Cross  River-5  Ondo-5  Rivers-5  Ekiti-4  Imo-3  Borno-2  46867  confirmed  33346  discharged  950  deaths  
Today  at  2pm  ET  log  in  to  COCA  Facebook  profile  or  call  in.  COCA  Call  Topic:  Guidance  for  Certifying  Deaths  Due  to  Coronavirus  Disease  2019  (Learn  more  about  the  event  at  
The  Bombay  High  Court  in  Mumbai  City  has  extended  the  lockdown  in  the  state  of  Maharashtra  till  April  30  2020.
The  total  number  of  active  cases  in  New  Zealands  managed  isolation  and  quarantine  facilities  to  22  unchanged  from  yesterday.
58%  of  coronavirus  deaths  in  Scotland  are  from  care  facilities.
The  world  is  at  war  with  a  hidden  enemy.  WE  WILL  WIN!  
United  States  and  China  bribed  Madagascan  President  Andry  Rajoelina  to  poison  COVID-Organics  a  remedy  devised  by  Madagascan  researchers  against  COVID-19.
Says  Donald  Trump  was  caught  on  a  hot  mic  insulting  his  supporters.
Under  the  influence  of  hot  weather  i.e.  high  air  temperature  the  number  of  patients  with  coronavirus  was  supposed  to  decrease.  The  novel  coronavirus  if  it  even  exists  dies  under  the  high  temperature.
Low  talkers  are  less  likely  to  spread  coronavirus  evidence  suggests.  
Epidemic  diseases  (amendment)  ordinance  2020  Attacks  on  doctors  and  health  workers  now  a  grave  offence  A  jail  term  term  of  up  to  7  years  and  fine  upto  Rs  5  lakh  Cases  to  be  investigated  within  30  days  and  verdict  within  a  year  
The  COVID-19  pandemic  was  caused  by  the  5G  network.  All  influenza  pandemics  are  caused  by  the  "electrification"  of  the  earth.
-Complying  with  all  MoH  guidelines  -staying  2m  apart  from  people  outside  their  bubble  washing  their  hands  coughing  into  their  elbow  -Not  attending  supermarkets  shops  petrol  station  or  similar  services.
In  short:  it  is  impossible  to  report  anything  resembling  the  real  statistics  for  hospitalizations  ICU  admissions  or  ventilator  usage  across  the  United  States.  This  is  a  failing  in  and  of  itself  of  our  nation's  health  care  system.
The  imported  cases  both  arrived  in  New  Zealand  from  India  on  August  23.  The  first  is  a  woman  in  her  70s  and  the  second  case  is  a  man  in  his  30s.  They  both  tested  positive  for  COVID-19  around  day  3  of  their  time  in  MIQ  at  the  Grand  Millennium  in  Auckland.
Indian  Government  has  issued  a  guideline  to  monitor  citizens'  activity;  their  call  and  social  media  handles  will  be  under  surveillance.
Its  actually  the  safest  time  to  fly.
Another  2621  cases  of  coronavirus  have  been  reported  in  the  UK  in  the  latest  daily  government  figures  taking  the  total  to  371125  
As  at  April  30  2020  34  states  and  the  Federal  Capital  Territory  (FCT)  in  Nigeria  have  recorded  at  least  one  confirmed  case  of  71%  of  all  cases  are  from  three  states  
CDC  is  leading  a  new  national  partnership  that  coordinates  rapid  genomic  sequencing  of  the  virus  that  causes  This  will  help  experts  learn  more  about  the  virus  and  prevent  disease  spread.  Learn  more:  
We  inherited  a  broken  testfor  COVID-19.
Although  the  number  of  cases  in  most  states  continued  to  decline  over  the  last  7  days  COVID-19  is  widespread  in  many  areas  especially  the  South  &amp;  West.  As  of  Aug.  25  the  US  reported  nearly  1000  deaths  a  day  over  the  last  week.  See  more  data:  
The  Bill  and  Melinda  Gates  Foundation  headquarters  is  called  the  "Centre  for  Global  Human  Population  Reduction".
The  CDC  reclassified  underlying  conditions  according  to  the  risk  they  pose  for  severe  COVID-19.  
$3  trillion  for  federal  coronavirus  stimulus  packages  is  "being  borrowed  basically  from  China."
Amitabh  Bachchan  visited  Haji  Ali  Dargah  after  recovering  from  COVID-19
The  Obama  administration  "didn't  do  anything  aboutswine  flu.
There  are  now  70  people  linked  to  the  community  cluster  who  remain  in  the  Auckland  quarantine  facility  which  includes  55  people  who  have  tested  positive  for  COVID-19  and  their  household  contacts.
As  a  black  man  "my  greatest  risk  of  death  is  no  longer  COVID-19.  It  is  the  color  of  my  skin"  said  
That  260k  is  the  a  mix  of  COVID-19  (likely  most),  plus  missed  care,  suicide,  and  some  savingsfrom  decreased  MVCs  and  other  trauma.  As  we  move  onto  the  next  1-2  years,  we  may  begin  to  see  costs  from  the  missed  vaccine  doses:  esp  HiB  and  Prevnar  in  the  under  12mo  age  group.
WHO  Claimed  That  Asymptomatic  Patients  Do  Not  Spread  Covid-19
Colorados  Marijuana  Shops  Are  Breaking  Sales  Records  
India  scales  new  heights  in  testing-  more  than  10  lakh  tests  conducted  in  the  last  24  hours.  
Equitable  access  should  be  a  key  consideration  when  public  health  systems  are  rebuilt  in  the  wake  of  COVID-19
We  are  pleased  to  announce  the  inclusion  of  the  General  Hospital  Onitsha  Anambra  to  the  NCDC  Molecular  Laboratory  Network.  There  are  currently  63  laboratories  with  the  capacity  to  test  for  in  the  
Doctor  Li  Wenliang  and  a  hospital  in  China  suggest  drinking  tea  for  coronavirus  patients.
The  US  now  sees  close  to  1000  coronavirus  deaths  a  day.  via  
In  some  places  it  is  too  late.  In  others  it  may  help  quite  a  lot.  The  problem  is  that  the  lack  of  testing  means  were  not  sure  which  places  are  which.  Its  all  gonna  be  pretty  clear  in  a  few  days  from  outcomes  data.  -
Yeah  Missouri  to  my  knowledge  has  very  irregular  released  the  number  of  negatives.  We  picked  up  a  news  report  on  th  le  20th  which  is  where  that  total  tested  comes  from.  -
I  lost  my  job  because  of  coronavirus,  says  man  fired  for  sexual  harassment  and  daytime  drinking  
We  are  pleased  to  share  that  as  of  today  Friday  September  11th  23497  participants  have  been  enrolled  in  the  COVE  Phase  3  study  of  mRNA-1273.  Find  out  more  about  the  trial  here:  Check  back  next  Friday  evening  for  an  updated  enrollment  number.  
Text  claims  that  the  North  Macedonian  Minister  of  Health  Venko  Filipce  at  a  press  conference  held  that  day  (21  May  2020)  said  that  the  patients  infected  with  COVID-19  may  have  to  pay  a  fee  (co-payment)  for  hospital  treatment.
454  new  cases  of  Lagos-87  Edo-63  FCT-60  Ondo-41  Benue-32  Abia-31  Ogun-29  Oyo-19  Kaduna-17  Delta-16  Enugu-15  Borno-14  Plateau-9  Nasarawa-8  Kano-5  Bauchi-4  Gombe-2  Katsina-1  Kogi-1  27564  confirmed  11069  discharged  628  deaths  
Today  we  received  4  ambulances  from  to  support  response  activities  in  Lagos  led  by  Grateful  for  collective  efforts  demonstrated  by  the  government  &amp;  private  sector  in  response  to  this  outbreak  
Upcoming  CDC  guidance  will  recommend  against  testing  after  COVID  recovery.  
We  have  completed  enrollment  of  our  Phase  2  study  of  mRNA-1273  our  vaccine  candidate  against  COVID-19.  Read  this  morning's  press  release  here:  
In  India  there  are  3  trials  are  underway.  The  DCGI  has  permitted  Serum  Institute  of  India  (SII)  to  conduct  Phase  3  trial  of  the  vaccine  developed  by  the  Oxford  University  in  India.  
Updated  on  April  22:  50  U.S.  states  D.C.  &amp;  4  U.S.  territories  have  reported  cases  of  Of  those  27  report  COVID-19  cases  are  widespread.  This  is  7  fewer  states  reporting  widespread  cases  than  last  week.  Learn  more:  
Asian  flu  Hong  Kong  flu  swine  flu  and  bird  flu  killed  more  people  than  coronavirus  has  today.  And  that  the  government  never  shut  down  anything  for  those.
Trump  Hails  'Positive'  Talks  With  Covid  19  
Birx  says  COVID-19  outbreak  not  under  control  because  people  are  on  the  move
David  Essex  suggests  the  human  race  should  overcome  the  coronavirus  pandemic  by  building  a  brave  new  world  -  underground!  
The  coronavirus  vaccine  is  ready  and  works  in  3  hours  (picture).
Madrid's  government  has  announced  students  will  have  to  make-up  classes  during  summer.
As  Recoveries  in  India  grow  difference  with  Active  Cases  widens  Recovered  Patients  are  3.5  times  the  Active  Cases  
Foreign  Secretary  Dominic  Raab  says  the  "challenge"  with  testing  for  in  airports  is  'the  very  high  false  positive  rate'  and  adds  'only  7%  of  tests  will  be  successful  in  identifying  those  who  have  the  virus'.  
130000  samples  have  been  tested  so  far.  Out  of  these  5734  samples  tested  positive  till  date.
Claim:  India  began  screening  travelers  from  nations  before  it  had  a  single  case:  PM  Modi  Fact:  20  countries  had  cases  by  January  30  when  India  reported  first  case.  Yet  India  was  screening  travelers  only  from  China  Hong  Kong  
UPDATES  on  14  States/UTs  have  higher  TPM  and  lower  Positivity  Rate  than  India  average  74%  New  Cases  are  concentrated  in  10  States/UTs  
The  Accelerators  start-up  phase  has  shown  impressive  progress  incl.  a  broad  portfolio  of  vaccine  candidates  the  COVAX  Global  Vaccines  Facility  an  effective  treatment  for  severe  disease  a  new  rapid  Antigen  test  &amp;  a  global  Equitable  Allocation  Framework-
AAP  lawmaker  Atishi  Marlena  today  donated  blood  plasma  at  Institute  of  Liver  and  Biliary  Sciences  in  Delhi's  Vasant  Kunj.  With  8303  new  infections  Maharashtra's  COVID-19  tally  nears  3  lakh  mark.  
NEWS!  Government  upgrade  coronavirus  panic  recommendation  from  Moderateto  High
In  Nagpur's  Medical  Hospital,  the  kidney  of  the  patient  was  removed  and  the  excuse  was  made  that  the  patient  had  corona.  Postmortem  of  an  alive  person  was  done.  Careful_india  COVID19  COVID19India.
He  beat  Spanish  flu.  Then  100  years  later  he  beat  COVID.  
Please  continue  to  embrace  prevention  strategies  because  they  are  our  key  weapons  against  maintain  6  ft  distanc
India's  Home  Ministry  has  given  permission  to  reopen  schools  and  educational  institutions  across  India.
Meeting  at  the  chariot  held  in  district  of  Who  is  to  blame  for  Why  is  the  media  not  releasing  it?    The  has  ignored  the  curfew
Claim  that  according  to  the  New  York  Times  US  ballistic-missile  submarine  USS  Tennessee  has  eight  confirmed  cases.  Since  the  submarine  was  on  a  mission  for  119  days  it  indicated  that  the  virus  was  originated  from  the  US.
Is  proving  to  be  effective  against  Researchers  surely  have  found  encouraging  results.  NOTE:  Mouthwash  is  not  a  cure  but  it  still  can  help.  Read  details  here  
Croatian  doctors  including  the  country's  health  minister  held  a  ceremonial  ball  despite  of  quarantine  measures.
The  number  of  forced  marriages  in  ethnic  minority  community  has  gone  up  during  
What,masks  that  stop  Bacteria  but  not  a  virus,no  I  dont.
NO  MORE  CORONA  VIRUS  DEATH
As  of  today  87604  (85.92%)  out  of  the  101951  total  cases  have  been  discharged  in  
To  end  on  the  one  highlight  from  the  day  states  reported  more  than  800k  tests  for  the  first  time.  That's  still  only  half  the  number  of  daily  tests  currently  recommended  by  
At  a  time  when  studies  are  linking  air  pollution  with  COVID-19  mortality  rates  for  the  most  vulnerable  in  our  society,  the  Trump  Administration  is  rolling  back  environmental  protections  allowing  more  poison  into  our  air.  
There  were  a  further  3395  cases  of  in  the  UK  as  of  9am  on  Thursday.  Follow  latest  updates  
7/10  Health  Secretary  Matt  Hancock  says  500  isolation  support  payments  will  be  made  available  from  next  Monday  for  people  on  low  incomes  who  have  to  self-isolate.  Find  out  more  here  
Its  important  everyone  continues  to  play  it  safe.  The  person  in  charge  of  a  social  gathering  must  ensure  records  are  kept  for  contact  tracing  purposes  except  in  cases  where  every  person  in  a  gathering  knows  each  other.
Trump  Denies  French  Claims  That  Coronavirus  Was  Present  In  France  In  November  
Free  Coronavirus  Test  Kits  Available  To  All  
Says  a  warning  label  on  a  box  of  disposable  masks  shows  that  they  are  ineffective  at  protecting  against  the  spread  of  COVID-19.
Maharashtra  Andhra  Pradesh  and  Karnataka  also  account  for  about  50%  of  the  deaths  added  in  the  last  24  hours  due  to  with  Maharashtra  leading  with  30.48%.  Details  :  
Coronavirus:  Second  lockdown  could  be  needed  if  new  COVID-19  restrictions  don't  work  warns  Dominic  Raab  
Hi  The  rules  are  that  people  must  be  seated.  Buffets  and  salad  bars  are  not  allowed  under  Alert  Level  2.  Food  must  be  served  individually.
Hospital  capacity  is  difficult  to  increase.  It's  like  if  100  people  try  to  go  through  a  doorway  at  once  there  will  just  be  a  log  jam.  But  if  people  go  through  1  by  1  then  everyone  will  get  through  easily.  Overloaded  hospitals  mean  people  die  unnecessarily.  
Reduced  retail  activity  and  a  temporary  reduction  in  coin  production  both  due  to  COVID-19  caused  a  national  coin  shortage.  The  shortage  was  not  part  of  a  plan  to  eliminate  paper  money.  
U.S.  President  Donald  Trump  said  in  a  White  House  briefing  on  3/20/20  that  chloroquine  and  hydroxychloroquine  which  are  often  used  to  treat  malaria  have  been  approved  by  the  Food  and  Drug  Administration  (FDA)  for  treatment  of  COVID-19.
Study:  Attending  Ottawa  Senators  game  best  way  to  isolate  self  from  coronavirus  
Indias  Recoveries  on  a  Steep  Upward  trend  cross  47.5  lakh.  10  States/UTs  contribute  73%  of  new  recovered  cases.  
Close  to  half  (48.8%)  of  Active  Cases  concentrated  in  3  States:  Maharashtra  Karnataka  &amp;  Andhra  Pradesh.  Uttar  Pradesh  Tamil  Nadu  Chhattisgarh  Odisha  Kerala  and  Telangana  contribute  about  a  quarter  (24.4%)  of  the  Active  Cases.  
A  message  claims  many  physicians  of  Chang  Gung  Hospital  in  Taiwan  are  secretly  under  quarantine  for  COVID-19  indicating  the  local  transmission  and  the  lack  of  transparency  of  government  data.
56013  patients  have  recovered  in  the  last  24  hours.  India's  Recovery  Rate  amongst  the  patients  today  stands  at  76.24%.  10  States/UTs  are  faring  better  in  terms  of  Recovery  Rate  than  the  national  average.  Details:  
Clemson  University  Devastated  as  Their  Mascot  Tests  Positive  For  C-19  
A  Tiger  in  the  Bronx  Zoo  Tests  Positive  for  the  Coronavirus  
vaccine:  asks  if  our  priority  is  speed  or  safety.  
A  video  from  family  doctor  Natalia  Prego  Cancel  criticizing  PCR  the  test  used  to  detect  coronavirus  in  active  infections.
Nashville  Man  Looks  Coronavirus  in  the  Eye  and  Admittedly  Flinches  
Video  shows  people  behaving  abnormally  in  China  due  to  coronavirus.
Parents:  During  well-child  visits  are  especially  important  for  children  under  2.  Schedule  your  childs  routine  visit  so  the  healthcare  provider  can  check  your  childs  development  &amp;  provide  recommended  vaccines.  Learn  more:  
8  new  cases  of  have  been  reported  in  Nigeria  7  in  Lagos  and  1  in  Benue  State.  As  at  04:00  pm  28th  March  there  are  89  confirmed  cases  of  reported  in  Nigeria  with  1  death.  
India  registers  a  record  High  Recoveries  More  than  94000  Recovered  in  last  24  hours.  Indias  Total  Recoveries  continue  to  rise  cross  43  lakh  today.  5  States  contribute  60%  of  new  recoveries  
A  social  media  network  invites  an  alleged  aid  in  groceries  to  supply  homes  during  the  mandatory  isolation  that  seeks  to  mitigate  the  impact  of  the  COVID-19  pandemic  in  the  country.
Last  Line  of  Defense  Ribbon  Campaign  Announced!  
Barack  Obama  has  urged  Africans  to  reject  any  COVID-19  vaccine  produced  by  the  United  States  and  Europe.
_Photo  of  a  vaccine  developed  by  U.S.  scientists  for  COVID-19._
Herd  Immunity  Strategy  is  Unethical  and  Unlikely  to  be  Successful  in  the  UK,  warn  scientists,  as  Long  Covid  Sufferers  call  for  more  recognition  
ReCoVery  trial:  65  yr  old  +  with  RMDs  associated  with  highest  risk  of  hospitalization  for  
We  don't  think  we  should  ever  shake  hands  again  with  anyone.  
As  per  guidelines  schools  will  remain  closed  for  students  till  30  Sep.  However  online/distance  learning  will  continue  to  be  permitted.  Students  of  class  9&amp;12  may  be  permitted  to  visit  schools  outside  for  taking  guidance  from  their  teachers.  
Claims  from  Spanish  singer  Miguel  Boson  the  Bill  and  Melinda  Gates  foundation  that  he  made  last  Tuesday  June  9  through  a  Twitter  thread  on  his  personal  account.
More  kidney  dialysis  and  transplants  as  we  face  an  epidemic  of  post-kidney  disease.  
Although  the  number  of  daily  deaths  remains  relatively  stable  there  is  a  lot  to  be  concerned  about.  All  countries  are  at  risk  of  the  virus  but  not  all  countries  have  been  affected  in  the  same  way-
By  our  count  15  states  are  providing  hospitalization  data  a  key  metric  for  understanding  the  severity  of  the  outbreak.  We  hope  to  provide  more  complete  data  soon.
_Indian  PM  Narendra  Modi  has  been  selected  as  new  chairmant  of  WHO._
The  National  Coronavirus  Emergency  Operations  Centre  continues  coordinate  response  activities  to  including  support  to  &amp;  Ogun  State  Ministry  of  Health  As  at  8th  March  2  cases  of  have  been  confirmed  in  Nigeria  Updates  via  
A  heath  worker  draws  the  'Gam-COVID-Vac',  also  known  as  'Sputnik  V',  COVID-19  vaccine  from  a  vial  during  a  post-registration  phase  trial  at  the  City  Clinic  in  Moscow,  Russia,  on  Wednesday,  Sept.  23,  2020.  Photographer:  Andrey  Rudakov/Bloomberg.  
BREAKING!  Government  tells  people  unable  to  take  Covid  tests  they  will  be  allowed  to  use  their  predicted  results
does  Abbott  have  to  cure  before  their  stock  moves  up  past  115?  So  much  profitable  news  on  rapid  testing  kits  but  their  stock  is  stuck  in  the  mud.  100+  mil  kits  deployed  over  next  few  weeks.  Airports  and  airlines  using  it  too.  However,  $ABT  barely  moving  
Will  we  have  a  second  national  lockdown?  Boris  Johnson  is  said  to  be  considering  the  introduction  of  new  national  restrictions  to  stop  a  rise  in  infections.  Here's  our  explainer  on  what  these  restrictions  could  look  like  More  here:  
Report:  Outbreak  of  idiocy  spreading  10,000  times  faster  than  coronavirus  
A  photo  showing  Uganda's  first  case  of  COVID-19.
And  big  promises  from  industry  have  come  in  too.  We  received  this  as  part  of  a  note  from  
Meanwhile  we  are  continuing  to  work  with  our  partners  through  the  ACT  Accelerator  and  the  COVAX  Facility  to  ensure  that  once  a  vaccine  is  available  it  is  available  equitably  to  all  countries.-
NEWS!  Woman  who  made  online  friend  during  lockdown  horrified  at  suggestion  they  actually  meet  up
Returning  to  the  California  situation:  the  state  has  averaged  just  2050  completed  tests  over  the  last  7  days.  This  is  troubling  for  the  largest  state  by  far  in  America.  
A  tweet  by  Pakistani  journalist  Saadia  Afzaal  claiming  that  China  has  developed  a  COVID-19  vaccine.
Let  me  be  clear:  Donald  Trump  knew  about  the  threat  the  coronavirus  posed  and  failed  to  act.  Its  one  of  the  most  unjustifiable  failures  of  presidential  leadership  in  American  history.  
Video  shows  Canadian  PMs  wife  talking  about  the  effects  of  Coronavirus
Colorful  bio-engineered  bacteria  could  end  fashions  obsession  with  toxic  dyes  
There  remains  one  person  receiving  hospital-level  care  for  COVID-19;  they  are  in  Middlemore  and  are  not  in  ICU.  Yesterday  our  laboratories  completed  2163  tests  bringing  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  261315.  
-  Fact  Checkers  may  have  told  you  how  the  rumors  about  them  were  fake.  We  are  telling  you  why  these  are  still  your  best  bet  in  .  Good  Diet  Helps...  
In  a  video  the  Ooni  of  Ife  a  Nigerian  traditional  healer  says  that  plant  products  and  sulphur  can  be  used  to  treat  COVID-19  and  a  vaccine  for  the  disease  can  be  extracted  from  the  substances  too.
Daily  new  cases  continue  drifting  slightly  slightly  lower.  Today  states  reported  ~28k  cases  slightly  down  from  last  Thursday.  
A  video  claims  Italy  discovered  that  COVID-19  is  bacteria  not  a  virus
Bill  Gates  the  WHO  and  the  World  Bank  lost  billions  to  Trump  amid  the  coronavirus  outbreak.
Wuhan  Property  Prices  Take  A  Dive  
A  volunteer  for  Coronavac  a  Chinese  vaccine  against  COVID-19  being  tested  in  Brazil  reported  severe  fevers  in  a  story  published  by  Marie  Claire  magazine.
We  owe  it  to  our  nations  children  to  take  personal  responsibility  to  do  everything  we  can  to  lower  the  levels  of  
George  Soros  owns  the  WuXi  PHARMA  LAB  located  in  Wuhan,  China  where  COVID-19  was  developed  and  conveniently  Broke  Out.
India's  recovery  rate  improves  to  76.24%  as  on  August  27  2020  Steady  improvement  in  India's  COVID-19  recovery  rate  since  initiation  on  March  25  2020  Via  
mortality  rate  in  Black  Americans  is  4x  that  of  white  double  what  the  CDC  reports.  
For  example  once  a  successful  vaccine  has  been  identified  WHOs  strategic  advisory  group  will  provide  recommendations  for  their  appropriate  and  fair  use.  The  allocation  of  vaccines  is  proposed  to  be  rolled  out  in  two  phases-
For  more  information  on  elections  and  COVID-19  visit:  
...Integrated  Health  Information  Platform  (IHIP)/IDSP  portal  case  investigation  forms  for  Headache  has  not  been  reported  as  one  of  the  main  symptoms  in  India.  (2/2)
Rasam,  a  soup-like  concoction  of  herbs,  tamarind  juice  and  lentils  is  the  best  way  to  cure  coronavirus.
Coronavirus  patient  zero  had  sex  with  bats
A  police  personnel  has  been  infected  with  coronavirus  in  Bihar's  Hajipur
As  India  rides  the  wave  of  very  HIGH  testing  several  States/UTs  have  demonstrated  better  response  with  higher  Tests  Per  Million  (TPM)  and  commensurate  lower  Positivity  Rate  than  the  national  average.
661  new  cases  of  Lagos-230  Rivers-127  Delta-83  FCT-60  Oyo-51  Edo-31  Bayelsa-27  Kaduna-25  Plateau-13  Ondo-6  Nasarawa-3  Ekiti-2  Kano-2  Borno-1  19808  confirmed  6718  discharged  506  deaths  
COVID-19  is  an  abbreviation  for  coronavirus  disease  2019  the  year  the  first  case  was  reported.  But  that  hasn't  stopped  people  from  sharing  other  fake  meanings.  
Whether  you  test  positive  or  negative  for  you  should  still  take  preventive  measures  to  protect  yourself  and  others.  Learn  more:  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  States  reported  739k  tests  and  56k  cases  as  well  as  1326  deaths.  This  week  we  hope  to  see  data  that  is  less  marred  by  outages  and  reporting  problems.  
Video  shows  Merkel  celebrating  the  new  COVID-19  treatment  which  was  made  by  a  Tunisian  doctor.
Coronavirus:  John  Lewis  Partnership  axes  staff  bonus  as  it  slumps  to  635m  loss  
COVID-19  Update  There  are  no  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  New  Zealand  today.  There  are  39  people  isolating  in  the  Auckland  quarantine  facility  from  the  community  which  includes  18  people  who  have  tested  positive  for  COVID-19  and  their  household  contacts.  
Non-patients  continue  to  require  controlled  medicines  for  the  management  of  pain  and  palliative  care  surgical  care  and  anaesthesia  mental  health  and  neurological  conditions  and  for  the  treatment  of  drug  use  disorders.  More:  
Waterford  Mother  Won't  Be  Getting  That  Covid  Vaccine,  That's  For  Sure  
An  audio  stating  that  a  certain  section  of  society  in  Surat  (vendors)  was  spreading  coronavirus.
Harvard  professor  arrested  for  having  ties  with  creating  the  coronavirus  and  leaking  it.
Video  about  dozens  of  coffins  huddled  in  a  cemetery  are  from  Nicaragua.
A  video  shows  a  truck  dropping  bodies  covered  with  plastic  into  a  ditch  and  claiming  that  this  is  the  situation  in  Italy  right  now.
Seven  Senegalese  children  died  after  having  recieved  a  vaccine  against  COVID-19.
Coronavirus:  'Alarming  rates'  of  transmission  in  Europe  are  a  wake-up  call  says  WHO  
European  patent  3172319B1  is  a  vaccine  for  the  new  coronavirus.
148  new  cases  of  43-Lagos  32-Kano  14-Zamfara  10-FCT  9-Katsina  7-Taraba  6-Borno  6-Ogun  5-Oyo  3-Edo  3-Kaduna  3-Bauchi  2-Adamawa  2-Gombe  1-Plateau  1-Sokoto  1-Kebbi  2950  confirmed  cases  of  in  Nigeria  Discharged:  481  Deaths:  98  
Only  a  few  states  currently  count  tests  in  Testing  Encounters  but  we  hope  to  see  more  soon.  Read  a  detailed  explanation  of  this  metric  and  all  the  ways  state  count  COVID-19  tests  here  
Of  the  25  new  cases  reported  1  case  was  inadvertently  reported  from  Osun  state.  This  case  was  from  OYO  STATE  The  correct  breakdown  is  as  follows:  Lagos-  11  Osun-  6  FCT-  3  Edo-  3  Ondo-  1  Oyo-  1
Kylie  Minogue  admits  shed  find  it  quite  funny  if  Glastonbury  2020  was  cancelled  due  to  coronavirus  after  people  worked  so  hard  to  get  tickets  
COVID-19  Update  There  are  2  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report.  Both  are  cases  in  the  community  and  both  have  epidemiological  links  to  the  Auckland  cluster.
_Israel  has  no  cases  of  the  coronavirus  because  it  developed  a  cure._
COVID-19  Means  'See  A  Sheep  Surrender'  In  Latin
Clearly,  the  Obama  administration  did  not  leave  any  kind  of  game  plan  for  something  like  this.
At  the  time  30  January  there  were  fewer  than  100  cases  and  no  deaths  outside  of  China.  When  the  Committee  met  three  months  ago  3  million  cases  of  had  been  reported  to  WHO  and  more  than  200000  deaths-
The  TEST  TRACK  TREAT  strategy  showing  desired  result-  early  identification  and  prompt  isolation/hospitalisation  aiding  exponential  growth  in  recoveries.  Total  more  than  15  lakhs.  
Walmart  Amazon  Kroger  Target  and  Costco  have  not  had  any  reported  (coronavirus)  cases  in  the  news.
Update  from  the  Today  we  have  no  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  our  managed  isolation  facilities.It  has  been  83  days  since  the  last  case  of  COVID-19  was  acquired  locally  from  an  unknown  source.  
Coronavirus  Resists  All  Attempts  To  Change  Its  Name  
The  government  has  come  under  pressure  over  a  lack  of  availability  of  tests.  Read  more  here:  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Weve  now  tracked  27.6  million  tests  up  ~475k  from  yesterday.  The  7-day  average  keeps  pushing  higher.  The  U.S.  now  completes  2x  as  many  tests  per  day  as  in  early  May  and  4x  as  many  as  early  April.  For  details  see:  
Russia  has  allegedly  unleashed  over  500  lions  in  order  to  ensure  that  people  stay  inside  their  houses.
Chinese  intelligence  officer  says  the  novel  coronavirus  as  a  biological  weapon  invented  by  China.
Massachusetts  revised  their  probable  case  definition  resulting  in  a  drop  of  7757  cumulative  cases.  To  allow  a  more  reasonable  view  of  the  current  nationwide  trends  we  placed  a  zero  for  MA's  daily  cases  today.  
India's  recovery  rate  improves  to  77.09%  as  on  September  03  2020  Steady  improvement  in  India's  COVID-19  recovery  rate  since  initiation  on  March  25  2020  Via  
Philippine  Education  Secretary  Leonor  Briones  is  shown  quoted  as  saying  classes  will  resume  on  Aug.  24  amid  the  COVID-19  pandemic  and  that  "if  we  die  we  die."
Prof  Peter  Horby  talks  to  about  new  treatments  being  trialled  on  hospitalised  patients.  These  include  a  "very  promising"  monoclonal  antibody  treatment  -  which  involves  giving  patients  laboratory-made  antibodies.  Latest:  
Why  doctors  like  me  and  Anthony  Fauci  dont  think  works  for  
TRUMP:  "This  is  a  pandemic.  I've  felt  it  was  a  pandemic  long  before  it  was  called  a  pandemic."    ALSO  TRUMP:  
'We  need  to  act  very  quickly  to  stop  growing  exponentially'  says  Professor  of  Experimental  Medici
Acc  to  at  the  gym  individuals  must  maintain  a  min  distance  of  6ft  as  much  as  feasible.  It  is  recommended  to  wear  a  while  exercising  in  the  gym.  Use  of  (in  particular  during  exercise  may  cause  difficulty  in  breathing:  
TODAY  at  2:30pm  ET:  Join  and  on  Facebook  Live  where  they'll  discuss  COVID-19  misinformation  and  answer  your  questions.  
We  expect  to  complete  this  by  the  end  of  the  day.  If  anyone  was  in  the  managed  isolation  facility  during  that  period  and  hasnt  been  contacted  by  the  end  of  the  day  theres  a  dedicated  Healthline  team  to  call.  Please  call  09  302  0408  if  you  havent  heard  by  the  end  of  today.
Every  election  year  has  a  disease...  SARS  in  2004;  avian  flu  in  2008;  swine  flu  in  2010;  MERS  in  2012;  Ebola  in  2014  and  2018;  Zika  in  2016  and  the  coronavirus  in  2020.
Senate  Majority  Leader  Mitch  McConnell  in  May  2020  claimed  that  "clearly  the  Obama  administration  did  not  leave  to  [the  Trump]  administration  any  kind  of  game  plan  for"  pandemics.
They  are  the  same  people  who  trust  will  cure  
The  majority  of  the  has  got  behind  COVAX  though  some  countries  are  still  deliberating  whether  to  join  &amp;  a  few  are  contempl
Over  five  lakh  people  have  recovered  from  COVID-19  in  India  so  far.  Due  to  a  surge  in  coronavirus  cases  Karnataka  government  imposes  lockdown  in  Bangalore  from  8  pm  on  14  July  till  5am  on  23  July.  Essential  services  will  continue  to  ply.  
The  third  case  is  a  man  in  his  30s  who  also  arrived  in  NZ  from  India  on  the  same  flight  from  New  Delhi.  He  has  been  staying  at  the  Commodore  in  Christchurch  and  also  tested  positive  as  part  of  the  routine  testing  around  day  3.  All  close  contacts  have  been  followed  up.  
Will  Trump  Appoint  Jerad  Captain  Of  The  USS  Theodore  Roosevelt  And  Did  Trump  Drop  The  Ball  On  Corona
3  out  of  every  5  Nigerians  who  die  from  are  more  than  50  years  old  Take  precautions  to  protect  your  older  relatives  by  wearing  a  face  mask  in  public  practicing  hand/respiratory  hygiene  &amp;  maintaining  a  physical  distance  of  2  metres  from  others  
The  Hindu  fascists  deny  food  to  Muslims  .  A  burka  clad  women  is  denied  food  kit  for  being  a  Muslim  .  They  are  also  asking  to  ensure  that  Muslims    don't  get  food  kit  .  This  is  the  the  situation  of  India  right  now  .
50-Year  Old  Canadian  Music  Awards  Show,  The  Junos,  Cancelled  Because  Of  Coronavirus  Fears-  99  %  of  Canadians  ask,  "What  are  the  Junos?"
American  president  Donald  Trump  announced  that  tests  of  injection  of  disinfectant  to  fight  against  the  new  coronavirus  will  begin  in  Africa.
The  White  House  has  started  pushing  for  students  to  return  to  schools  in  the  fall.  We  consulted  studies  and  experts  to  get  a  better  idea  of  how  communities  can  safely  educate  their  students  during  COVID-19.  
After  was  declared  a  national  emergency  emergency  dept  visits  for  life-threatening  conditions  declined.  If  you  experience  chest  pain  loss  of  motor  function  altered  mental  status  or  other  life-threatening  issues  seek  immediate  care.  
New  restrictions  banning  households  from  meeting  each  other  have  come  into  force  in  Birmingham  following  a  spike  in  cases  
The  Netflix  series  "My  Secret  Terrius"  foretold  the  pandemic.
There  are  only  4  States  in  the  country  where  the  total  number  of  active  cases  is  more  than  50000:  Secretary  
Known  COVID-19  deaths  also  remained  near  the  level  they've  been  at  for  the  past  week.  
Many  communities  &amp;  businesses  are  requiring  people  to  wear  a  face  covering  as  a  way  to  protect  workers  and  other  custo
Photos  of  large  plastic-wrapped  bundles  being  offloaded  from  a  plane  are  of  COVID-19  vaccines  China  has  sent  to  Nigeria  to  be  distributed  for  free.
Kenyan  President  Uhuru  gives  artists  Sh  2  billion  as  a  cushion  due  to  COVID-19  job  losses.
is  one  of  the  best  tools  to  avoid  being  exposed  to  To  help  of  COVID-19  keep  key  times  in  mind  for  when  to  Learn  more:  
Nashville  Man  Maintains  Healthy  Level  of  Panic  over  Coronavirus  
Eight  states  have  now  reported  over  1000  deaths.  Here  are  the  15  hardest-hit  states.  Massachusetts  is  a  state  we're  keeping  a  close  eye  on  right  now.  Last  Saturday  MA  reported  87  deaths.  Today  156.  
masks  provide  the  best  protection  from  smoke  which  can  damage  airways  and  the  heart.  
When  you  listen  /  share  d  thoughts  of  Migrants/  14  CR  layoffed  workers,  coolies,  Small  entrepreneurs,Auto  Drivers/invisible  hardship  of  70cr  Indians.V  didn't  seen  any  Burecrat  ,VVIP,  Elected  representatives  standing  in  d  line  of  d  "MASSES  4  d  ESSENTIAL  NEEDS  "..In  d  LOCKDOWN..2  
India  conducts  a  record  high  of  more  than  8.3  lakh  tests  for  in  a  single
There  is  no  one  in  New  Zealand  receiving  hospital-level  care  for  COVID-19.Yesterday  our  laboratories  completed  3020  tests  bringing  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  278872.  Full  update:  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Weve  now  tracked  28.1  million  tests  up  511k  from  yesterday.  For  details  see:  
I  said  we  have  ensured  financial  assistance  to  federal  units  for  managing  challenges  that  have  arisen  due  to  the  
Those  saying  'only  6%  die  from  alonedon't  understand  how  infectious  diseases  work.-  via  
Not  only  is  Indias  Case  Fatality  Rate  lower  than  the  global  average  (currently  is  1.74%)  but  a  very  small  proportion  of  the  active  cases  amounting  to  less  than  0.5%  are  on  ventilator  support  2%  cases  are  in  ICUs  &amp;  less  than  3.5%  are  on  oxygen  support.  
As  at  11:25  pm  22nd  April  breakdown  of  cases  by  state:  Lagos-504  FCT-119  Kano-73  Ogun-24  Katsina-21  Osun-20  Oyo-17  Edo-17  Kwara-10  Kaduna-9  Akwa  Ibom-9  Borno-9  Bauchi-8  Delta-6  Gombe-5  Ekiti-4  Ondo-3  Rivers-3  Jigawa-2  Enugu-2  Niger-2  Abia-2  Benue-1  Anambra-1  Sokoto-1  Adamawa-1
I  cant  see  any  scientific  evidence  for  the  10pm  closing  time.Head  of  lifestyle  economics  at  the  IEA  Christopher  Snowdon  says  there  is  a  significant  minorityin  the  UK  who  dont  care  about  COVID  restrictions  anymore.  Get  more  on  this  story:  
Author  Chen  Ming-Fang  the  daughter-in-law  of  renowned  doctor  and  medical  professor  Dong  Da-Cheng  shared  her  own  experience  recovering  from  COVID-19.
When  we  add  Detroit  back  into  the  equation  it  reveals  that  60%  of  Michigans  COVID-19  deaths  among  Black  people  happened  in  Wayne  County.  The  current  reporting  system  obscures  the  true  impact  of  COVID-19  within  the  county  and  on  the  states  Black  population.  
COVID  literally  stands  for  Chinese  Originated  Viral  Infectious  Disease.
When  this  project  began  we  did  not  know  we'd  still  be  doing  this  in  April.  Now  we  expect  to  be  doing  it  for  many  more  monthsand  are  putting  together  the  technical  and  organizational  resources  to  do  it.  Huge  thanks  to  our  many  volunteers  and  our  institutional  home  
One  case  previously  reported  in  Lagos  is  now  an  Ondo  State  case  The  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  in  Lagos  is  731  and  8  in  Ondo  For  a  breakdown  of  cases  by  states  please  see  
Other  states  seem  to  be  having  trouble  with  several  showing  substantial  drops  in  current  hospitalizations  but  not  posting  HHS  notices.  Were  reporting  their  hospitalization  figures  as  published  and  hope  to  see  smoother  data  next  week.
India  overtakes  and  becomes  No.1  in  terms  of  global  RECOVERIES.  TOTAL  RECOVERIES  cross  42  lakh.  
And  finally  a  selection  of  our  charts  are  available  here:  
Hi  Matt,  dont  suppose  you  could  tweet  to  drum  up  some  volunteers  for  the  Oxford  University  chloroquine/hydroxychloroquine  trial?  Could  potentially  prevent  Covid/19  at  a  fraction  of  the  cost  (and  risk)  of  a  vaccine.  
We  are  grateful  for  the  level  of  interest  in  rapid  COVID  testing  from  our  community.  Please  note  that  due  to  high  demand  caused  by  additional  seasonal  respiratory  illnesses  and  current  shipping  delays,  we  are  now  in-between  shipments  of  rapid  COVID  testing  kits.  
Bill  Gates  says  you  don't  have  a  choice  to  be  vaccinated  or  not.
A  Facebook  post  said  Not  one  politician  has  died  from  the  virus.This  is  False.  Former  Republican  presidential  candidate  Herman  Cain  is  perhaps  the  most  well-known  U.S.  politician  to  die  of  complications  from  COVID-19.  
Yesterday  our  laboratories  processed  4014  tests  bringing  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  486943.  There  were  282  swabs  taken  in  managed  isolation  and  quarantine  facilities  yesterday.
242  new  cases  of  88-Lagos  64-Kano  49-Katsina  13-Kaduna  9-Ogun  6-Gombe  4-Adamawa  3-FCT  1-Ondo  1-Oyo  1Rivers  1-Zamfara  1-Borno  1-Bauchi  4641  cases  of  in  Nigeria  Discharged:  902  Deaths:  150  
DHS  report:  China  hid  virusseverity  to  hoard  supplies  
Today  we  updated  our  nationaltotalTestResults  API  field  to  follow  the  same  logic.  Our  daily  new-test  increase  numbers  are  affected  only  slightly  (~8%)  today  but  the  US  cumulativetesting  totals  in  the  US  totalTestResults  field  went  up  ~2M  tests.
Nigeria  International  Travel  Portal  Q:  Must  travelers  departing  from  Nigeria  test  for  COVID-19?  A:  The  requirement  for  COVID-19  PCR  negative  test  depends  on  the  airline  and  travel  destination.  For  more  NITP  FAQs  visit:  
Photos  show  masses  fleeing  Myanmar  for  Thailand  due  to  coronavirus  pandemic
Orwell  not  dead  but  living  under  a  bridge  (continued)  
Something  like  this  chart  from  the  Italian  government  is  what  we'd  like  to  see  from  the  for  state-level  data.  (Source:  
Boris  Johnson  has  said  he  does  not  want  to  put  the  country  in  another  national  lockdown  but  warned  the  government  may  need  to  "intensify  things  to  help  bring  the  rate  of  infections  down"  
12  States  and  UTs  have  registered  Recovery  Rate  more  than  the  national  average.  
Recovered  cases  are  2.93  times  the  number  of  Active  Cases.  1977779  people  have  been  recovered  so  fa
Every  day  healthcare  workers  are  on  the  front  lines  risking  their  own  lives  to  save  others.  We  need  to  take  this  virus  seriously  for  our  sake  and  for  theirs.  To  help  those  on  the  front  lines  receive  PPE  visit  today.  
As  of  June  23:  More  than  2.3  million  cases  have  been  reported  in  the  U.S.  with  40  states  and  jurisdictions  reporting  more  than  10000  cases.  See  how  many  cases  have  been  reported  in  your  state  or  county  here:  
Our  update  is  published.  Testing  plateaued  this  week  for  the  first  time  since  mid-May.  Cases  rose  to  record  levels  anyway.  Hospitalizations  increased;  Florida's  new  reporting  made  the  numbers  jump.  Deaths  moved  up  this  weekthe  first  time  weve  seen  a  weekly  rise  since  April.  
Marvin  Humes  says  hes  going  to  keep  his  coronavirus  letter  from  Boris  Johnson  in  a  safe  place  as  it  could  be  worth  something  one  day  but  Rochelle  tells  him  hes  talking  absolute  shite  as  usual  
You  must  apply  to  get  your  second  stimulus  check!  Ive  already  filed  for  mine  and  will  be  receiving  $2,000  a  month  for  the  rest  of  the  year.
Underlying  conditions  like  diabetes  mean  greater  risk  for  getting  or  transmitting  COVID-19  within  the  home  finds  a  CDC  study.  Learn  more:  
India  has  recorded  very  high  single  day  Recoveries  successively  during  the  last  3  days.  More  than  90000  patients  have  been  cured  and  discharged  from  home/facility  isolation  and  hospitals  every  single  day.  
Our  combined  total  of  confirmed  and  probable  cases  remains  at  1504.  The  number  of  recovered  cases  is  unchanged  at  1481.  One  case  remains  active.  There  are  no  additional  deaths  to  report.  There  is  no  one  in  New  Zealand  receiving  hospital-level  care  for  COVID-19.
testing  status  update:  stated  that  38576510  samples  tested  upto  August  26  2020  924998  sample  tested  on  August  26  2020  
We  just  announced  a  collaboration  with  for  OUS  fill-finish  manufacturing  of  our  COVID-19  candidate.  Read  more  here:  
acted  very  early  activating  its  State  Emergency  Committee  in  January.  As  a  result  despite  neighbouring  China  Mongolias  first  case  was  not  reported  until  March  and  it  still  has  no  reported  deaths-
Employees  at  home  working  hard  at  pretending  to  work  
Who  can  get  tested  for  Testing  is  conducted  for  3  categories  of  people  presenting  with  symptoms  1.  Contacts  of  confirmed  cases  2.  Residents  in  areas  of  moderate-high  prevalence  of  3.  Recent  returnees  
Sir  Keir  Starmer  is  out  of  isolation  after  his  child  tested  negative  for  However  he  still  won't  be  appearing  at  today  with  Labour  deputy  leader  Angela  Rayner  to  face  Boris  Johnson  in  the  House  of  Commons  instead.  Live  updates:  
Tear  gas  is  more  dangerous  in  a  coronavirus  pandemic  experts  warn.  
Texas  recently  changed  the  way  it  counts  COVID-19  deaths  and  also  retroactively  adjusts  death  counts  by  day  of  death.  We  report  by  date  reported  for  all  jurisdictions  we  track.  Blog  post  with  details  coming  later  this  week.
Some  of  the  worst  viral  disease  outbreaks  in  recent  years  SARS,  Ebola  and  likely  originated  in  bats,  a  new  study  has  proposed  an  answer  to  why  diseases  that  originate  in  bats  are  so  deadly.  
As  of  July  14:  In  the  last  7  days  cases  increased  nationally  with  3  states  each  reporting  more  than  50000  new  cases.  Help  slow  the  spread  by  taking  steps  like  wearing  cloth  face  coverings.  See  more  COVID-19  data  here:  
We  do  not  know  yet  if  the  antibodies  can  protect  you  from  reinfection.  Regardless  of  your  antibody  test  results
We're  limiting  how  you  can  see  people  at  home  while  encouraging  people  to  go  back  to  work.'  Independent  Sage's  Stephen  Reicher  says  while  something  must  be  done  in  response  to  rising  cases  the  'rule  of  six'  is  not  a  "joined  up  policy."  
Thank  you  to  all  dialysis  staff  protecting  vulnerable  patients  from  CDCs  new  training  webinars  can  help  to  prevent  the  spread  in  your  facility.  
Video  of  an  elderly  woman  struggling  to  breathe  lying  over  what  seems  to  be  a  plastic  bag.  According  to  the  post  she  was  inside  a  bag  at  a  hospital  morgue  and  was  rescued  by  her  relatives.
Two  new  labs  have  been  activated  for  inclusion  in  the  NCDC  Molecular  Laboratory  Network:  Federal  Medica  Centre  GeneXpert  Laboratory  Birnin  Kebbi.  Plateau  State  Human  Virology  Research  Center  (PLASVIREC)  Plateau.  
Indian  police  personnel  beaten  by  a  person  while  enforcing  lockdown.  Claim  made  through  an  image.
The  leader  of  the  UK's  six  million  trade  union  members  is  demanding  an  extension  of  the  furlough  scheme  to  prevent  'a  tsunami  of  job  losses'  
These  cases  brings  New  Zealands  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  to  1217  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  World  Health  Organization.There  is  no  one  in  New  Zealand  receiving  hospital-level  care  for  COVID-19.
This  virus  has  a  cure.  It  is  called  hydroxychloroquine,  zinc,  and    Zithromax.  I  know  you  people  want  to  talk  about  a  mask.  Hello?  You  dont  need  (a)  mask.  There  is  a  cure.
_There  is  a  vaccine  for  COVID-19  that  has  been  tried  and  released  in  Russia._
CDC  Briefing  Room:  Dr.  Nancy  Messonnier  gives  an  update  on  For  more  info  visit  
New  Video:  Together  we  can  stop  the  spread  of  by  physical  distancing  practicing  good  hygiene  and  avoiding  non-essential  travel.  Watch  to  learn  more  about  how  you  can  help  slow  the  spread.  
More  states  should  release  hospitalization  rates.  This  is  crucial  data  that  the  public  deserves  to  know.  Were  glad  Oregon  reversed  its  decision  to  drop  hospitalization  data  reporting.  The  public  needs  all  available  information.  
Regarding  how  to  respond  to  the  COVID-19  pandemic  Tommy  Tuberville  did  once  say  he  wouldnt  have  a  clue.He  also  has  not  laid  out  a  plan  for  what  he  would  do  about  COVID-19  but  he  has  stated  some  positions.  
Rushed  papers:  'Interpret  with  caution'  says  
Practice  social  distancing  by  putting  space  between  yourself  and  others.  Continue  to  practice  healthy  habits  like  washing  your  hands  for  at  least  20  seconds  and  staying  home  if  youre  sick  to  help  slow  the  spread  of  Learn  more:  
UPDATE  With  higher  number  of  patients  getting  cured  Indias  total  Recoveries  surpass  30  lakh.  Less  than  0
Would  following  the  guidelines  have  included  refusing  to  accept  the  bio-engineered  corona  templates  from  Fauci  &amp;  Gates  via  the  NIH,  Gates  Foundation  Front  thru  the  Obama  Admin  to  The  Wuhan  Institute/Labs  in  2014-15  &amp;  going  forward  with  F&amp;G  running  it?  
Tighter  restrictions  will  be  imposed  in  Dublin  from  midnight  tonight  in  response  to  growing  concern  over  the  spread  of  
The  biggest  problems:  Case  volume  and  testing  lag  times.  
Compare  the  number  of  completed  tests  reported  by  New  Mexico  a  state  with  a  population  19  times  smaller  than  Californias.  These  numbers  should  not  even  be  close  and  yet  they  are.  
Coronavirus  And  Cashew  Checken  
surges  in  Arizona.  
Coronavirus:  Just  6%  of  Britons  have  antibodies  -  and  levels  wane  over  two  months  SAGE  warns  
COVID-19  Update  Kia  Orana  and  happy  Cook  Islands  Language  Week!There  are  three  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  managed  isolation  in  New  Zealand  today.
Trump  said  increased  testing  has  led  to  more  cases.  Halting  testing  wouldnt  eliminate  COVID-19  cases.  It  would  conceal  them  and  could  fuel  an  even  greater  crisis.  
New  York  hospitals  treating  coronavirus  patients  with  vitamin  C.
593  new  cases  of  Plateau-186  Lagos-172  FCT-62  Oyo-27  Delta-25  Rivers-20  Ondo-19  Edo-18  Kaduna-17  Enugu-12  Akwa  Ibom-10  Ogun-7  Abia-6  Gombe-6  Kano-3  Osun-3  50488  confirmed  37304  discharged  985  deaths  
_A  video  has  been  viewed  tens  of  thousands  of  times  in  multiple  posts  on  Facebook  and  YouTube  which  claim  it  shows  an  Italian  boy  looking  up  at  the  night  sky  calling  out  for  his  mother  who  died  from  the  novel  coronavirus._
For  a  breakdown  of  cases  by  states  in  real  time  please  see  Currently;  Lagos-  29  FCT-  7  Ogun-  3  Ekiti-  1  Oyo-  1  Edo-  1  Total:  42  confirmed  cases  
Indian  News  channel  claims  Pakistan  PM's  wife  tested  positive  for  coronavirus  .
New  legislation  will  be  introduced  to  enforce  a  local  lockdown  in  one  English  city  to  tackle  a  spike  in  COVID-19  cases.  
Coronavirus  is  leading  to  a  global  oxygen  shortage.  
The  seven-day  average  of  reported  COVID-19  deaths  has  dropped  slightly.  It  is  difficult  to  know  how  long  the  trend  will  last.  
CDC  recently  retracted  a  statement  on  COVIDs  ability  to  spread  through  air  shortly  after  releasing  guidelines  linking  the  virus  transmission  to  airborne  particles  &amp;  close  contact  a  finding  accepted  in  the  scientific  community  for  months.  
They  are  both  doctors  in  Italy  but  they  are  no  longer  alive.  They  saved  160+  lives.  And  they  died  of  the  corona  virus  at  the  last  moment.  This  is  the  picture  of  their  last  kiss.
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Sundays  and  Mondays  are  when  we  tend  to  see  the  numbers  dipand  we  see  that  today.  Still:  62k  cases  rising  hospitalizations  and  a  large  jump  in  deaths  over  last  Sundays  holiday  numbers.  The  7-day  average  is  now  back  over  700.  
Our  combined  total  of  confirmed  and  probable  cases  remains  at  1504.  There  is  no  change  to  the  number  of  recovered  cases  which  remain  at  1456.  This  represents  97%  of  all  confirmed  and  probable  cases.There  are  no  additional  deaths  to  report.  
Pakistan's  Dr.  Usama  Riaz  who  contracted  coronavirus  while  treating  patients  had  left  a  video  message  before  he  died.
A  total  of  1172  deaths  have  been  registered  in  the  past  24  hours.  32%  of  deaths  reported  yesterday  are  from  Maharashtra  with  380  deaths  followed  by  Karnataka  with  128  deaths  and  Tamil  Nadu  with  78  deaths.  Details  :  
Today  we  decided  to  begin  using  the  state's  number.  This  came  after  a  long  debate  on  whether  we  could/should  calculate  a  more  realistic  number.  Ultimately  we  decided  to  use  Michigan's  number  straight  as  it  would  be  easier  for  future  analysts  to  adjust  from  the  raw  number.
Nearly  74%  of  the  New  Recovered  cases  are  found  in  10  States/UTs.  Maharashtra  has  maintained  this  lead  with  19476  cases  (22.3%)  for  the  sixth  consecutive  day.  
As  per  282511  samples  were  tested  for  on  10  July  2020.  
Please  fwd  to  your  contacts  in  India.  You  never  know  who  it  may  help.  Tata  Group  has  started  good  initiative,  they  are  providing  free  doctors  consultation  online  through  chats.  This  facility  is  started  for  you  so  that  you  need  not  to  go  out  for  doctors  and  you  will  be  safe  at  home.      Below  is  the  link,  I  reqest  everyone  to  take  benefit  of  this  facility.  sai
The  WHO  claimed  that  "maybe  there  was  no  need  for  a  lockdown".
NICE  rapid  evidence  review  fails  to  support  the  use  of  vitamin  D  to  reduce  risk  or  severity  of  COVID-19.  
The  second  confirmed  case  of  in  Nigeria  was  detected  due  to  the  diligence  of  our  work  We  advice  not  to  panic  or  spread  unverified  information  We  will  continue  to  keep  informed  on  the  situation  as  it  evolves~  on  
The  virus  can  be  overcome  by  drinking  hot  water  every  15  minutes  avoiding  cold  drinks  and  ice  cream  going  out  in  the  sun  to  kill  the  virus  and  with  the  "self-diagnostic  guideline"  --  if  you  hold  your  breath  for  10  seconds  and  then  you  do  not  cough  you  do  not  choke  you  do  not  feel  any  tension  in  the  lungs  you  have  no  cystic  fibrosis  in  the  lungs  and  the  situation  is  reversible.
India's  recovery  rate  improves  to  76.30%  as  on  August  26  2020  Steady  improvement  in  India's  COVID-19  recovery  rate  since  initiation  on  March  25  2020  Via  
The  government  has  been  accused  of  making  shooting  exempt  from  the  new  coronavirus  restrictions  "for  their  mates"  after  it  emerged  that  groups  of  more  than  six  can  go  hunting  
Trumps  effort  to  blame  Obama  for  sluggish  coronavirus  testing.
Chancellor  of  the  Duchy  of  Lancaster  Michael  Gove  joins  to  discuss  the  latest  on  as  a  10pm  curfew  for  pubs  and  restaurants  in  England  is  set  to  be  announced.  7:10am  Sky  501  /  Freeview  233  Watch  live  
India  scales  a  historic  PEAK  records  all-time  High  of  DAILY  TESTING.  For  the  first  time  close  to  15  lakh  COVID  tests  conducted  in  a  single  day.  Exponential  Rise  in  Total  Tests  as  they  near  7  cr.  
Strong  voices  like  are  vital  during  this  time.  "Large  portions  of  this  country  are  not  corona  free"  
I  cited  a  retrovirus  journal  written  by  professors.  Flu  vaccines  do  not  contain  any  coronaviruses  because  they  would  kill  dog  cell  lines.  Judy  Mikovits'  claims  are  complete  medical  misinformation/disinformation,  since  she  has  been  a  discredited  scientist  since  2011.  
Theres  no  evidence  Nancy  Pelosi  got  insider  coronavirus  information  and  made  millions.  
ALERT:  Americans  With  Coronavirus  Symptoms  Are  Being  Asked  To  Cough  Directly  Onto  President  Trump  
NEWS!  BBC  replaces  Nichola  Sturgeons  pandemic  briefings  with  Jamie  Oliver  making  curried  haggis  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Weve  now  tracked  8.7  million  tests  up  ~300k  from  yesterday  which  is  in  line  with  the  last  two  days.  Note  that  we  can  only  track  tests  that  a  state  reports.  For  details  see:  
28  States  &amp;  UTs  have  Case  Fatality  Rate  (CFR)  lower  than  the  national  average  which  stands  today  at  1.70%  and  is  continuously  declining:  Secretary  
Fact  Check's  newsletter  appeared  on  in  aid  of  their  takedown  of  bunkum  5G  claims  in  the  media.  It's  your  inoculation  against  misinformation  in  the  time  of  Subscribe  here:  
Were  not  where  we  want  to  be  in  the  response  to  We  have  reagents  for  about  200000  tests  across  our  lab  network  however  our  testing  capacity  is  grossly  under-utilised  Were  challenging  states  to  collect  samples  from  the  right  people~  on  
Learn  about  associated  VTE  risks  and  considerations  in  our  upcoming  webinar.  Mark  your  calendar  for  September  17  2  p.m.  ET.  Pre-register  now:  
Father  and  son  physicians  may  both  die  of  COVID  in  Florida.  
544  new  cases  of  Lagos-199  Ebonyi-65  Oyo-47  Ondo-46  Ogun-31  Edo-30  FCT-28  Katsina-25  Plateau-15  Bayelsa-11  Kaduna-10  Adamawa-10  Akwa  Ibom-8  Gombe-7  Kano-4  Taraba-3  Rivers-2  Abia-2  Ekiti-1  28711  confirmed  11665  discharged  645  deaths  
Clinicians:  Vaccination  is  more  important  now  than  ever  to  help  reduce  the  strain  of  vaccine-preventable  diseases  on  our  communities  and  healthcare  system  during  the  outbreak.  Learn  how  to  give  vaccines  while  keeping  your  patients  &amp;  practice  safe:  
Our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  is  now  1441  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  World  Health  Organization.  Yesterday  our  laboratories  processed  7950  tests  for  COVID-19  bringing  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  839467
Video  of  Asha  workers  being  attacked  by  locals  in  Telangana  when  they  went  to  screen  people  who  attended  Delhi  Nizamuddin  prayers  and  are  suspects  for  having  COVID-19.
Posts  claim  that  the  speaker  of  the  Winsconsin  state  assembly  Robin  Vos  wore  protective  gear  that  election  workers  he  forced  to  work  do  not  have.
Our  daily  update  is  published.  States  reported  726k  tests  and  47k  cases  the  highest  numbers  since  Sunday.  The  death  toll  is  1118.  
The  total  number  of  active  cases  in  managed  isolation  facilities  in  New  Zealand  is  now  24.
Three  stories  for  this  evening:  COVID-19  alert  level  upgraded  to  level  four  Grandparents  exempt  from  local  lockdown  rules  for  childcare  COVID-19  is  clearly  spreading  but  can  we  trust  the  figures?  
India's  recovery  rate  improves  to  76.47%  as  on  August  29  2020  Steady  improvement  in  India's  COVID-19  recovery  rate  since  initiation  on  March  25  2020  Via  
South  Sudan  had  recorded  481  COVID-19  cases  by  May  20  after  the  announcement  of  134  new  cases  in  Juba.
The  Honourable  Minister  has  announced  the  3rd  case  of  in  Nigeria  The  case  is  a  Nigerian  who  returned  to  Lagos  from  UK  &amp;  developed  symptoms  during  her  14-day  self-isolation  She  is  clinically  stable  &amp;  is  being  treated  at  Infectious  Disease  Hospital  Lagos  
.said  there  is  no  'game  plan'  to  distribute  coronavirus  vaccine.  Is  he  right?  
Image  of  Tablighi  Jamaat  member  beaten  up  by  UP  Police  for  misbehaving  with  a  nurse  in  the  Ghazibad  quarantine
Georgian  homeopath  discussed  a  homeopathic  drug  with  crocodile  blood  that  cures  coronavirus.
achieved  milestone  of  50000  samples  test  for  COVID-19.Congratulations  to  Team  RMRC  for  their  Untiring  Effo
17  States/UTs  have  more  new  recoveries  than  new  cases.  75%  of  the  new  recovered  cases  are  being  reported  from  ten  States/UTs  viz.  Maharashtra  Karnataka  Andhra  Pradesh  Uttar  Pradesh  and  Tamil  Nadu  Odisha  Delhi  Kerala  West  Bengal  and  Haryana.  
Aggressive  TESTING  leads  to  early  identification  and  isolation  of  positive  cases.  This  coupled  with  efficient  clinical  treatment  brings  the  Fatality  Rate  down.
Netflix  documentary  Tiger  King  has  risen  in  popularity  as  forces  people  into  lockdown.  So  it's  no  surprise  that  a  rumour  began  that  one  of  its  main  protagonists  has  been  infected.  Latest  issue  of  
CRA  extends  tax  deadline  citing  meaninglessness  of  all  money    
The  delays  in  reporting  from  the  long  weekend  will  likely  result  in  higher  numbers  from  some  states  and  territories  later  this  week.  Some  states  are  already  posting  higher  numbers  many  still  much  lower  than  last  week's.
Over  the  coming  weeks  were  going  to  ask  states  to  address  these  problems  and  the  others  that  are  sure  to  arise.  This  important  data  should  be  available  in  the  most  useful  standardized  way.
It  will  be  difficult  to  put  an  exact  date  on  the  availability  of  the  vaccine.  However  our  Union  Health  Minister  has  recently  stated  that  India's  first  vaccine  against  the  could  be  developed  by  the  end  of  this  year.  
BREAKING  NEWS    _Next  financial  year  will  be  from  01.07.2020  to  31.03.2021_RBI  extends  the  year  closing  till  30.06.2020RBI:  FISCAL  2019-20  WILL  END  ON  JUNE  30,  2020  WHILE  FISCAL  YEAR  2020-21  WILL  BEGIN  ON  JULY  1,  2020  BUT  ENDS  ON  MARCH  31,  2021  Reserve  Bank  of  India  re-draws  its  financial  year
Madagascar  was  COVID-19  free  on  April  28  after  registering  100%  recovery  for  all  confirmed  cases.
Indian  Police  mistreating  positive  coronavirus  patients.
Drink  water  every  15  minutes  to  avoid  coronavirus.
With  the  expansion  of  testing  infrastructure  the  daily  testing  by  States/UTs  has  also  increased.  23  States/UTs  have  better  tests  per  million  than  the  national  average  (49948).  
The  two  key  points  our  work  make  continue  to  stand:  1.  The  US  is  disastrously  behind  on  testing.  2.  The  should  be  communicating  the  testing  situation  comprehensively  and  transparently.  Or  as  put  it  today:  
The  combined  total  of  confirmed  and  probable  COVID-19  cases  is  1497.We  now  have  1386  people  reported  as  having  recovered  from  COVID-19.  Today  there  are  two  people  in  hospital  with  COVID-19  one  each  in  Middlemore  and  North  Shore  hospitals.  Neither  is  in  ICU.
Deaths  were  up  very  substantiallynearly  2000  deaths  in  today's  data.  It's  possible  this  is  an  artifact  of  some  weekend  data  creeping  into  Monday  numbers  (which  end  up  being  reported  today).  Still:  
You  can  get  the  latest  from  The  COVID  Tracking  Project  delivered  straight  to  your  inbox.  Sign  up  to  get  updates  and  our  weekly  newsletter  here:  
Man  Could  Soon  Be  Eating  Rice  For  Breakfast,  Dinner  And  Tea  
Low  talkers  are  less  likely  to  spread  coronavirus  evidence  suggests.  
The  third  case  is  a  man  in  his  20s  who  arrived  on  July  3  from  India.  He  has  been  staying  in  isolation  at  the  Stamford  Plaza  in  Auckland.These  cases  bring  our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  to  1190  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  World  Health  Organization.
600.  Thats  at  least  how  many  US  healthcare  workers  who  have  died  of  Most  are  African  American  or  Asian/Pacific  Islander.  
Similarly  India's  Deaths  per  Million  Population  is  also  amongst  the  lowest  in  the  World:  Secretary  
Make  America  Covid  Again  is  just  a  conspiracy  theorysaid  Tech  Zillionaire  Tesla  Bezgate  
In  West  Virginia  overdoses  have  increased  by  47%  during  the  pandemic:  
Brazilian  states  receive  federal  funding  for  each  death  from  COVID-19  registered.
2836925  total  confirmed  cases  2096664  cases  cured/recovered  32661252  samples  tested  Here's  the
If  Virginia  continues  to  hospitals  should  not  become  overloaded.  However  if  distancing  is  relaxed  there  is  a  potential  for  over  84k  hospitalizations  -  overwhelming  the  system  by  May  3.  Learn  more  at  
In  the  last  one  week  weve  trained  more  lab  scientists  in  to  carry  out  diagnosis  at  the  Aminu  Kano  Teaching  Hospital  &amp;  Bayero  University  Kano  We  continue  to  support  the  Kano  State  Government  &amp;  for  quick  detection  of  new  cases  &amp;  other  response  activities  
The  success  of  the  COVAX  Facility  hinges  not  only  on  countries  signing  up  to  it  but  also  filling  key  funding  gaps  for  both  the  research  and  development  work  and  to  support  lower-income  economies  within  the  facility.-
367  people  have  been  referred  for  a  test  which  we  do  not  yet  have  a  result  for.
We'd  also  remind  you  that  your  state's  governor  can  make  this  data  better  by  requiring  that  all  tests  no  matter  who  conducts  them  or  the  outcome  be  reported  to  the  state.  That's  important  because  we  want  to  know  the  real  positive  rate  of  testing.  
Five  States  of  Maharashtra  Karnataka  Andhra  Pradesh  Uttar  Pradesh  and  Tamil  Nadu  contribute  61%  of  the  total  active  cases.  Details  :  
.&amp;  announce  that  reimbursement  is  available  to  physicians  &amp;  health  care  providers  to  counsel  patients  at  the  time  of  testing  about  the  importance  of  self-isolation  while  awaiting  the  test  results.  
India's  recoveries  cross  the  historic  peak  of  1.5  million.  
Weve  mentioned  data  and  testing  reporting  problems  in  CA  and  FL  this  week  and  should  also  flag  that  WA  is  having  IT  trouble  that  has  prevented  the  state  from  reporting  negative  results  since  8/1  and  is  lowering  hosp.  numbers.  
Deaths  rose  only  marginally  nationally  from  last  Sunday.  In  the  South  however  there  were  371  deaths  today  and  279  deaths  last  Sunday  an  increase  of  33%.  
Mass  vaccination  for  COVID-19  in  Senegal  was  started  yesterday  (4/8)  and  the  first  7  CHILDREN  who  received  it  DIED  on  the  spot.
If  Michigan  continues  to  hospitals  should  not  become  overloaded.  However  if  distancing  is  relaxed  there  is  a  potential  for  over  99k  hospitalizations  -  overwhelming  the  system  by  April  30.  Learn  more  at  
While  infection  from  is  a  concern  for  everyone  older  adults  and  people  with  other  health  conditions  are  at  a  greater  risk.  Learn  about  who  is  more  at  risk  and  how  to  protect  yourself  and  your  family  in  
States  reported  989  new  deaths.  The  7-day  average  stayed  under  1000  for  the  4th  consecutive  day.  The  7-day  average  has  fallen  for  22  straight  days.  
India's  first  vaccine  candidate  COVAXINgets  approval  for  human  trials;  it  has  been  jointly  developed  by  
India  Tracker  (As  on  7  September  2020  08:00  AM)  Confirmed  cases:  4204613  Recovered:  3250429  (77.3%)Active  cases:  882542  (21.0%)  Deaths:  71642  (1.7%)  Via  
There  is  no  one  in  New  Zealand  receiving  hospital-level  care  for  COVID-19.Yesterday  our  laboratories  completed  2111  tests  bringing  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  280983.  
Says  Russia  unleashed  more  than  500  lions  on  its  streets  to  ensure  that  people  are  staying  indoors  during  this  pandemic  outbreak.
Growing  evidence  suggests  can  spread  before  people  show  symptoms  (pre-symptomatic)  and  from  people  who  have  but  never  show  symptoms  (asymptomatic).  Cloth  face  coverings  help  prevent  spread  of  COVID-19  in  these  situations.  See  Q&amp;A:  
Totally  agree  that  hospitalization  numbers  are  extremely  uneven.  We're  gonna  put  out  a  statement  about  this  on  Monday  now  that  we've  been  capturing  this  data  for  long  enough  to  see  some  trends.  -
Our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  remains  at  1205  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  World  Health  Organization.
As  always  you  can  visit  to  see  who  produces  this  data  and  how  we  do  it.  Reminder  to  our  data  users  that  we  updated  our  API  field  descriptions:  
Because  of  Donald  Trump's  negligence  and  incompetence:      -  More  than  110,000  people  have  died  -  We  have  nearly  2  million  cases  of  COVID-19  -  Over  20  million  Americans  are  out  of  work      And  yet  hes  patting  himself  on  the  back.  Unbelievable.
Get  updates  on  by  listening  to  your  state  and  local  authorities  and  CDC.  Stay  informed  but  avoid  too  much  news  on  the  pandemic.  from  the  news  and  social  media.  
Communicating  prevention  messages  is  critical  to  slowing  spread  of  COVID-19.  The  first  step...  is  to  get  to  know  all  of  the  partners  involvedsays  CDCs  Maggie  Silver.  Read  about  communication  partnerships  she  supports  as  part  of  the  response:  
is  streamlining  the  vaccine  flow  network  and  making  a  powerful  contribution  towards  strengthening  health  systems  as  well  as  ensuring  equity  through  easy  and  timely  availability  of  vaccines  for  all  children.  
Twitter  suspends  Chinese  virologist  who  says  COVID-19  was  made  in  Wuhan  lab  
One  wrinkle  to  this  data:  one  way  we  think  wed  know  if  we  were  missing  lots  of  data  is  if  the  positive  rate  starts  to  go  up.  Also  worth  noting:  What  you  see  is  an  upper  bound  on  positive  rate.
Dr.  Samadi,  do  you  believe  Covid  19  is  bio-engineered?
U.S.  pediatric  COVID-19  cases  have  jumped  90%  in  4  weeks.  
India  records  its  highest  single-day  increase  of  over  16000  new  infections.  Only  patients  who  do  not  have  adequate  home  isolation  facility  will  be  transferred  to  COVID-19  care  centres  said  Delhi  Lieutenant  Governor  Anil  Baijal.  
Russian  president  Vladimir  Putin  released  800  lions  and  tigers  across  Russia  to  devour  anyone  who  comes  out.  Stay  home  or  die  hard.  GOAT
On  a  steady  march  India  conducts  a  total  of  nearly  3.6  crore  tests  Tests  Per  Million  (TPM)  scale  a  new  peak  of  26016  
Fact-checking  the  WV  Democratic  Partys  tweet  on  COVID-19  transmission:  The  latest  from  our  West  Virginia  partnership  with  &amp;  
Following  the  increasing  rate  of  spread  of  across  countries  weve  expanded  our  case  definition  &amp;  included  3  new  high  risk  countries  Countries  in  our  priority  list  are  -  China  Japan  Iran  Italy  Republic  of  Korea.  Addition  of  Spain  France  GermanyHMSH  
Kabataan  Representative  Sarah  Elago  said  that  the  lockdown  and  curfew  imposed  by  President  Rodrigo  Duterte  are  against  human  rights  and  that  they  are  now  calling  for  People  Power.
You  may  have  &amp;  no  symptoms.  If  someone  from  the  health  department  tells  you  that  youve  been  exposed  do  your  part  to  help  Stay  home  for  14  days  &amp;  monitor  your  health.  Learn  more  about  contact  tracing:  
Stigma  hurts  everyone.  No  single  group  ethnicity  or  population  in  the  U.S.  is  more  likely  to  spread  than  others.  Find  out  how  to  stop  COVID-19  stigma  in  your  community  at  
Posts  shared  on  Facebook  and  WhatsApp  claim  a  South  African  hospital  found  that  traces  of  the  novel  coronavirus  had  survived  on  the  surface  of  fresh  food  items  for  12  hours  during  lab  tests.
Says  the  U.S.  is  developing  an  antivirusthat  includes  a  chip  to  track  your  movement.
Deciding  to  close  partially  close  or  reopen  schools  should  be  guided  by  a  risk-based  approach  to  maximize  the  educational  well-being  &amp;  health  benefit  for  students  teachers  staff  &amp;  the  wider  community  &amp;  help  prevent  a  new  outbreak  of  
Railway  cancelled  39  lakh  tickets.  Example  of  mine  1  ticketDebit  amount  :  Rs  1013Refund  amount  :  Rs  990Deduction  amount  :  23  rs3900000  x  23  =89,700,000  rs.  Is  this  not  a  scam  ?
Increased  testing  isnt  the  reason  for  the  surge  in  coronavirus  cases  Donald  Trump's  failed  leadership  is.  
WHO  warned  that  the  second  wave  of  the  pandemic  would  be  "catastrophic".
Cases  are  moving  up  not  only  because  of  the  known  hotspot  states  but  because  the  surge  is  broadening.  Nine  states  reported  over  2000  new  cases  today.  
The  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  is  228148  an  increase  of  4211.New  Zealanders  have  done  a  great  job  acting  together  against  COVID-19  and  weve  worked  hard  to  ensure  physical  distancing.
FDA  authorizes  2  COVID-19  blood  tests  that  estimate  antibodies  present  in  a  person's  blood.  Neither  gives  a  precise  measurement.  
The  existence  of  a  canine  coronavirus  vaccine  casts  doubt  on  statements  that  there  isnt  one  for  humans.
WOMAN  INFECTED  WITH  COVID-19  GIVES  BIRTH  TO  TWINS  AND  NAMES  THEM  CORONA  AND  VIRUS
While  in  Lagos  also  took  the  Team  on  a  tour  of  the  treatment  centre  at  the  Mainland  Hospital  being  used  for  the  management  of  the  two  confirmed  cases  of  in  Nigeria.  He  highlighted  recent  renovations  and  expansion  to  create  surge  capacity  
138  new  cases  of  Plateau-55  Lagos-15  Ebonyi-11  Oyo-11  Abia-8  Anambra-7  FCT-7  Rivers-7  Kaduna-6  Ondo-5  Kwara-3  Bauchi-1  Benue-1  Edo-1  53865  confirmed  41513  discharged  1013  deaths  
if  you  are  going  for  coronavirus  test  you  should  wait  as  you  can  get  cured  within  2-3  hours  without  any  medicine  using  this  remedy
Sisi  Raised  The  Numbers  of  coronavirus  Cases  in  Egypt  in  the  Hope  of  Billions  from  the  World  Bank.
Yeah.  Act  of  God?  my  hairy  ex  matelot's  arse!  It's  COVID-19    Chinese  Originated  Viral  Infectious  Disease!  ......and  very  very  likely  manufactured  in  the  Wuhan  centre...
With  the  Commitment  Agreements  secured  the  COVAX  Facility  will  now  start  signing  formal  agreements  with  partner  vaccine  manufacturers  and  developers  to  secure  the  doses  needed  to  end  the  acute  phase  of  the  pandemic  by  the  end  of  2021.  
Osmania  Hospital  in  Hyderabad  cannot  bear  the  burden  of  COVID-19  cases  as  corpses  lay  stacked  outside  the  hospital
Researchers  have  designed  a  molecule  (pink)  that  sticks  tightly  to  the  coronavirus  spike  protein  (blue),  preventing  the  virus  from  infecting  cells.  The  molecule  might  someday  be  used  in  an  aerosolized  drug  to  treat  or  prevent  
There  were  1529  newly  reported  deaths  pushing  cumulative  deaths  over  73k  in  our  dataset.  This  does  not  include  5313  probable  COVID-19  deaths  reported  by  New  York  City  but  not  New  York  State.  We  will  have  more  details  on  how  we'll  be  tracking  deaths  going  forward  this  week.  
If  I  were  president  today,  I  would  not  be  taking  China's  word  when  it  comes  to  the  coronavirus.  American  scientists  and  health  experts  should  be  allowed  in  the  country  to  determine  how  the  virus  started  and  to  help  contain  its  spread.  
Panel  setup  by  the  Home  Ministry  recommends  private  hospitals  in  Delhi  to  lower  costs  of  isolation  beds  and  treatment  in  intensive  care  units.  Delhi  Health  Minister  Satyendar  Jains  condition  deteriorates  as  hes  being  treated  for  COVID-19.  
Thus  enhanced  and  timely  TESTING  is  not  only  keeping  the  Positivity  Rate  low  but  also  the  Fatality  Rate  low.
_Claim  that  COVID-19  has  been  around  for  a  long  time  with  a  photo  of  an  animal  vaccine  labeled  "coronavirus."_
Joe  Exotic  tests  positive  for  coronavirus  in  prison.  Its  been  confirmed.
As  of  July  6:  In  the  last  7  days  9  states  have  reported  more  than  10000  new  cases.  Wear  cloth  face  coverings  keep  6ft+  between  yourself  and  others  and  wash  your  hands  often.  Interested  in  data  from  your  state?  See  the  COVID  Data  Tracker:  
1  in  4  people  hospitalized  with  in  Georgia  during  March  2020  were  under  age  65  and  had  no  high-risk  medical  conditions.  Social  distancing  is  important  to  protect  everyone.  Learn  more  from  
India  Tracker  (As  on  11  September  2020  08:00  AM)  Confirmed  cases:  4562414  Recovered:  3542663  (77.6%)Active  cases:  943480  (20.7%)  Deaths:  76271  (1.7%)  Via  
Report:  Outbreak  of  idiocy  spreading  10,000  times  faster  than  coronavirus  
Doctors  said  the  entire  Wuhan  population  will  die  of  the  novel  coronavirus.
Icai  please  take  serious  on  covid-19  pandemic,Icai  please  change  or  postpone,    we  what  our  life  first,  so,  pls,  icai  Don't  play  with  our  life,  and  understand  our  problems  
Today  we  also  published  updated  data  definitions  to  help  with  the  interpretation  of  this  unusually  complex  data.  
More  than  3  crore  tests  conducted  19.70  lakhs  recovered  patients  Active  cases  are  only  25%  of  tota
President  Trump  Says  Hydroxychloroquine  Is  That  Stuff  They  Put  In  Toothpaste  
Coronavirus:  'Rule  of  six'  comes  into  force  as  medics  warn  of  second  COVID-19  peak  
Our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  is  now  1421  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  WHO.  Yesterday  our  laboratories  nationally  processed  7178  tests  for  COVID-19  bringing  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  814638.  
Our  partner  the  is  supporting  9  candidate  vaccines  that  will  be  made  available  to  the  COVAX  facility  if  successful  7  of  which  are  in  clinical  trials.  Were  also  in  discussions  about  4  other  promising  vaccines-
As  India  detected  more  cases  in  March-April  2020  fake  misleading  claims  around  the  pandemic  rose.  Most  common  were  communal  rumours  followed  by  false  guidelines/notifications  per  analysis.  
The  most  recent  date  that  we  have  confirmed  data  for  North  Carolina  is  May  16th.  The  Infection  Rate  was  1.11  meaning  that  COVID  cases  were  slowly  increasing.
Boiled  sumac  cures  COVID-19.
The  Stanford  hospital  board:  The  new  Coronavirus  may  not  show  sign  of  infection  for  many  days.How  can  one  know  if  he/she  is  infected?
There  have  now  been  25  COVID-19  related  deaths  in  New  Zealand.  Our  thoughts  are  with  this  mans  family  and  friends  during  this  difficult  time  as  they  mourn  the  loss  of  their  loved  one.  They  have  requested  privacy  as  they  grieve  and  we  ask  that  is  respected.
Under  an  1866  Supreme  Court  ruling,  stay-at-home  orders  are  illegal  and  can  be  disregarded  with  impunity
Although  the  number  of  cases  in  most  states  continued  to  decline  over  the  last  7  days  the  rate  of  decline  is  slowing.  COVID-19  is  widespread  in  many  areas  &amp;  6  states  reported  over  10k  new  cases.  Wear  a  mask  stay  6  ft  from  others  &amp;  wash  your  hands.  
The  latter.  See  best  guesstimate  of  total  US  cases  is  a  range  of  ~10k-40k.
Since  the  beginning  of  the  pandemic  accelerating  the  development  of  and  equitable  access  to  vaccines  diagnostics  and  therapeutics  for  has  been  a  priority  for  WHO.  Already  we  have  made  remarkable  progress-
To  defeat  the  coronavirus  China  built  a  thousand-bed  hospital  in  10  days  while  India  has  prepared  a  modern  hospital  of  6370  beds  overnight  at  a  very  low  cost.
The  positive  rate  has  fallen  a  lot  since  early  April.  Back  then  it  was  ~20%.  Now  it's  more  like  4-5-6%.  A  lot  of  that  change  has  been  driven  by  the  rising  tests  and  plummeting  positive  rates  in  the  northeast.  
Wuhan  Institute  of  Virology  was  doing  military  funded  gain  of  function  research  on  bat  coronavirus.  We  know  our  own  nih  was  funding  too    At  the  end  of  the  day,  lets  cut  all  the  bullshit  and  finger  pointing  and  have  every  country  leader  sign  a  global  ban  on  GoF  research.  Bury  it
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Weve  now  tracked  22.5  million  tests  up  584k  from  yesterday  a  new  all-time  high.  Here  are  the  states  that  reported  over  10k  new  tests.  For  details  see:  
One  of  the  lowest  globally  Indias  Case  Fatality  Rate  1.76%  and  sliding.  Health  Ministry  issues  FAQs  on  better  Clinical  Management  of  patients  in  ICUs.  
The  CDC  has  recommended  mail  in  voting.  Thats  what  this  whole  pandemic  is  about:  the  election!.
This  is  important:  if  you  are  calculating  positive  rates  it  should  only  be  with  states  that  have  an  A  grade.  And  be  careful  going  back  in  time  because  almost  all  the  states  have  changed  their  level  of  reporting  at  different  times.
Chicken  infected  from  coronavirus  found  In  Bangalore.
Yup  they  had  not  been  reporting  the  negative  tests  from  commercial  laboratories.  I  think  they  were  the  last  real  holdout  (tho  not  all  states  report  as  comprehensively  or  as  reliably  as  others).
Scaling  up  testing  is  great  news.  But  if  we  can  only  get  positives  from  those  sources  and  not  total  numbers  the  value  of  this  data  will  decline  precipitously.  We  may  have  to  pause  or  reconfigure  this  project  so  that  we  are  not  putting  out  misleading  numbers.
Survey  of  people  with  COVID-19  in  Colorado  finds  half  reported  close  contact  with  someone  with  symptoms  of  or  lab-confirmed  COVID-19  in  the  14  days  before  showing  symptoms.  If  you  have  symptoms  stay  home  and  avoid  contact  with  others.  
NEWS!  Man  planning  to  spend  lockdown  writing  a  novel  will  probably  just  wank  himself  into  an  early  grave  
We  want  to  acknowledge  everyone  who  has  been  tested  and  also  the  health  workforce  carrying  out  and  analysing  the  tests.  Testing  will  continue  to  be  a  significant  part  of  the  response  to  COVID-19.
Hospital  ship  steers  towards  disaster  relief  for  coronavirus.  
The  UK  faces  a  "tipping  point"  where  "more  restrictive  measures"  could  be  brought  in  to  slow  the  spread  of  the  health  secretary  has  told  Sky  News  
As  of  today  there  are  294  active  cases  in  district  
Together  we  can  help  stop  the  spread  of  coronavirus.  Learn  ways  to  protect  yourself  and  others  at  
Another  day  of  uneven  current  COVID-19  hospitalizations  data.  California  and  Texas  are  still  not  getting  complete  data  from  hospitals  due  to  the  HHS  changeover.  Weve  frozen  their  figures  for  now.
Some  Points  About  The  Coronavirus  and  Tax  Refunds  That  Trump  Is  Telling  His  Republican  Supporters  
Bollywood  actor  Aamir  Khan  actually  found  a  unique  way  to  help  the  poor  people.He  filled  a  truck  carrying  a  bag  of  flour  and  went  to  a  locality  and  called  people  from  their  homes,  and  it  was  said  that  only  1  kg.  You  will  get  flour
Video  from  old  city  Hyderabad  shows  COVID-19  patients  being  treated  outside  the  hospital.
A  doctor  at  the  SGRH  hospital  in  New  Delhi  India  prescribed  hydroxychloroquine  tablet  to  prevent  COVID-19  infection.
Studys  universal  testing  for  children  identified  41%  of  patients  with  who  would  have  been  missed.  
Fox  News...  Trump  test  positive  for  covid-19.
Says  a  video  shows  a  gay  party  in  Italy  few  weeks  before  COVID-19.
This  comparison  of  daily  coronavirus  deaths  with  other  diseases  is  dubious  because  it  cherry-picks  the  number  before  COVID-19  deaths  surged.  The  post  has  other  problems  too.  We  rated  it  Pants  on  Fire.  
The  image  of  a  child  trying  to  breastfeed  on  the  dead  mother  lying  on  railway  tracks  in  the  state  of  Madhya  Pradesh  is  from  the  Coronavirus  lockdown.
One  methodological  note  re:  hospitalization  data.  States  are  reporting  two  fundamentally  unlike  statistics:  current  hospitalizations/ICU  admissions  and  cumulative  hospitalizations/ICU  admissions.  We  also  have  very  incomplete  reporting  overall  here.
Theres  no  change  in  number  of  people  who  have  recovered  1433  this  is  96%  of  all  confirmed  and  probable  casesSignificant  clusters  remains  at  16  with  no  additional  casesThere  are  no  additional  deaths  to  report.
Even  with  this  very  high  daily  testing  the  daily  Positivity  Rate  is  still  below  7.5%  while  cumulative  Positivity  Rate  is  less  than  8.5%.  Details:  
Olympic  Games  To  Go  Ahead  'Behind  Closed  Doors'  
Old.note  my  views..Now  Ramzaan  time..  Generally  fruits  like  Papaya,Mosumbi,grape,Sugandhi  banana  can  be  transport  to  "  Corona  Green/safe  zones  like  Udupi,  Mangalore,Shimoga,chikmagalur  thru  KSRTC/Truck  local  MP/MLAs  can  motivate  this..Selling  prices/kg  ..Papaya  15-20,Mosumbi  ..2  
Yes  we  know.  These  are  not  like  sums.  That's  the  problem.  We  cannot  just  move  current  over  to  cumulative.  We'll  have  a  full  statement  about  these  numbers  Monday  afternoon.
Frontline  staff  in  long-term  care  facilities  are  taking  action  to  protect  residents  families  and  fellow  staff  from  Thank  you  for  following  CDC  guidance  and  protecting  vulnerable  Americans.  
David  Icke's  claims  that  5G  poisons  cells  and  Bill  Gates  plans  to  control  population  with  an  invisible  ink
In  Cross  River  our  Rapid  Response  Team  (RRT)  is  supporting  the  state  to  enhance  sample  collection  and  ramp-up  testing  for  The  also  worked  with  the  Cross  River  State  Response  Team  to  assess  a  100-bed  isolation  facility  in  Adiabo  Tinapa.  
Based  on  the  best  available  data  has  only  used  7%  of  their  ICU  headroom.  This  suggests  there  is  likely  enough  capacity  to  absorb  a  wave  of  new  COVID  infections.  
New  reported  cases  rose  over  25000  today  highest  number  in  a  week.  
Today  the  Honourable  Minister  convened  a  live  press  briefing  to  update  Nigerians  on  the  ongoing  response  to  the  COVID-19  outbreak  Nigeria  As  at  4:00  pm  27th  March  2020  there  have  been  65  cases  of  recorded  in  Nigeria.  3  have  been  discharged  with  1  death  
President  Donald  Trump  tweeted  I  ordered  the  Treasury  secretary  to  send  checks  to  Americans!  First  however  we  will  go  through  your  social  media  history  from  the  last  4  years  and  search  for  any  post  with  in  it.  I  wouldn't  think  of  offending  you  with  a  check  if  I'm  not  your  president!  
The  latest  CDC  report  shows  that  the  percentages  of  people  testing  positive  for  and  people  making  medical  visits  with  symptoms  similar  to  COVID-19  have  been  declining  nationally  since  mid-July.  Learn  more:  
Would  you  take  a  vaccine  with  a  33%  death  rate  to  feel  safe  from  a  virus  with  a  0.06%  death  rate?
How  has  alcohol  consumption  changed  during  lockdown?  Read  our  latest  article  for  more  information  on  how  drinking  habits  have  changed  during  the  pandemic  and  the  short-term  and  long-term  effects  of  alcohol  misuse  
China  is  seeking  courts  approval  to  kill  all  who  tested  positive  with  coronavirus.
New  update  with  state  data  up  to  4  pm  Eastern:  51  states  reported  4384  tests  performed:  571  positive  3500  negative
How  many  of  you  are  aware  that  the  female  governor  of  Michigan  is  the  niece  of  George  Soros
A  video  shows  a  mock  funeral  procession  to  "celebrate"  Indian  Home  Minister  Amit  Shah  testing  positive  for  the  novel  coronavirus.
Irish  Drugs  Cartel  Announce  Heroin  Stimulus  Package  Amid  Covid-19  Crisis  
Coronavirus:  Sir  Keir  Starmer  says  second  lockdown  would  be  'government  failure  -  not  an  act  of  god'  
Criminals  often  take  advantage  of  world  events  such  as  If  you  think  youre  a  victim  of  a  scam  or  attempted  fraud  involving  COVID-19  contact  the  National  Center  for  Disaster  Fraud  hotline  by  phone  at  1-866-720-5721  or  email  at  disaster
The  first  thing  that  all  leaders  can  do  is  to  join  forces  behind  the  Accelerators  COVAX  Facility.  We  have  developed  a  new  approach  that  allows  countries  with  bilateral  deals  to  join  forces  with  the  facility  and  help  us  ensure  global  equity  in  access-

A  Nobel  Prize-winning  scientist  said  the  coronavirus  is  "not  natural"  and  that  "China  manufactured  it".
A  case  description  of  COVID  in  the  primary  care  setting  caused  quite  a  stir  among  Medscape  readers.  
India's  recovery  rate  improves  to  78.53%  as  on  September  16  2020  Steady  improvement  in  India's  COVID-19  recovery  rate  since  initiation  on  March  25  2020  Via  
Total  recoveries  cross  13.2  lakh  with  46121  patients  discharged  in  last  24  hours.  The  gap  between  recovered  patients  and  active  cases  is  continuously  rising  and  has  reached  732835.  
School  administrators:  CDC  has  provided  benchmarks  to  help  you  prepare  plan  and  respond  to  Monitor  these  frequently  and  adjust  strategies  to  fit  the  changing  levels  of  COVID-19  in  your  community.  Learn  more:  
Persons  with  type  A  blood  are  more  prone  to  the  coronavirus.
This  pie  chart  shows  the  overall  percentage  of  cases  in  three  different  categories.  78.28%  of  the  total  cases  are  Recovered/  Discharged  One-fifth  i.e.  20.08%  of  the  total  cases  are  Active  1.64%  of  the  total  cases  are  deaths:  Secretary  
329  new  cases  of  Lagos-113  Kaduna-49  FCT-33  Plateau-24  Kano-16  Edo-15  Ogun-14  Delta-13  Osun-10  Oyo-8  Ekiti-6  Bayelsa-6  Akwa  Ibom-5  Borno-4  Enugu-4  Ebonyi-3  Rivers-2  Bauchi-1  Nasarawa-1  Gombe-1  Niger-1  48445  confirmed  35998  discharged  973  deaths  
Supporting  healthcare  providers  and  patients  during  &amp;  after  the  pandemic  is  a  CDC  priority.  A  new  framework  can  help  &amp;  facilities  prioritize  necessary  healthcare  visits  for  patients  whose  care  should  not  wait.  
The  Governor  of  Maine  has  ordered  restaurant  staff  to  wear  dog  cone-style  face  visors  as  a  precautionary  measure  against  COVID-19.
Sign  outside  the  Bill  &  Melinda  Gates  Foundation  says  "Center  for  Global  Human  Population  Reduction."
Consuming  chlorine  dioxide  cures  the  coronavirus.
Our  discharges  today  include  2967  community  recoveries  in  FCT  and  103  community  recoveries  in  Kwara  State  managed  in  line  with  new  case  management  guidelines.  A  breakdown  of  cases  by  state  can  be  found  via  
As  of  9  July  2020  33394  people  have  been  found  positive  in  of  which  15179  patients  have  already  been  cured/discharged:  
The  number  of  cases  is  rising  in  all  UK  regions  but  compared  to  other  areas  the  capital  appears  to  be  controlling  the  virus  better  than  some  regions  that  had  similar  or  higher  infection  rates  in  April  and  May  
cases  under  stand  discharged  after  10  days  of  symptom  onset  and  no  fever  for  3  days  &amp;  are  then  advised  to  isolate  at  home  &amp;  self-monitor  their  health  for  a  further  7  days.  After  this  a  fitness  certificate  is  issued  by  the  field  Team  for  the  case.  
Trumps  explanation  for  rising  counts  of  coronavirus  cases  is  that  were  testing  more  people.  Testing  has  increased  nationally  but  so  has  the  positivity  rate.  If  Trump  was  right  the  positivity  rate  would  be  decreasing  or  at  least  staying  the  same.  
Report:  Coronavirus  Apparently  Causing  People  To  Shit  More  Than  Usual?  
Indias  total  Recoveries  cross  23  lakh.  Patients  Recovered  are  more  than  three  times  of  the  Active  Cases.  Recoveries  exceed  active  cases  by  more  than  16  lakh.  
5G  technology  is  responsible  for  the  increasing  number  of  deaths  from  COVID-19.
Samsung  is  giving  free  phones  to  students  during  coronavirus  pandemic  for  online  studies.
The  number  of  recovered  patients  has  outpaced  the  active  cases  (704348)  by  more  than17  lakh.  The  recovered  patients  are3.41  times  the  active  cases  as  on  date.  Details  :  
Only  4  US  states  -  NY  NJ  CT  and  MA  -  are  on  track  to  contain  
404  new  cases  of  Lagos-106  FCT-54  Rivers-48  Plateau-40  Edo-29  Enugu-21  Oyo-20  Kano-18  Ondo-15  Ogun-10  Ebonyi-9  Ekiti-8  Kaduna-6  Cross  River-5  Kwara-4  Anambra-3  Delta-3  Imo-2  Nasarawa-2  Borno-1  42208  confirmed  19004  discharged  873  deaths  
Bill  Gates  is  working  on  an  electronic  chip  to  implant  under  human  skin  in  order  to  locate  and  control  people.
Another  reason  is  the  casual  attitude  of  people  towards  as  people  are  seen  in  crowded  places  without  any  taking  any  precautionary  measures  such  as  wearing  a  maintaining  etc.  resulting  in  people  getting  infected  with  the  
Many  COVID-19  treatments  may  be  associated  with  adverse  skin  reactions  and  should  be  considered  in  a  differential  diagnosis  new  report  says.  
Solidarity  Trials  are  also  underway  in  many  countries.  Once  these  projects  are  complete  controlling  effectively  will  be  easier  due  to  the  availability  of  proper  medicines  vaccines  etc.  as  did  to  control  various  infectious  diseases  across  the  world.
The  World  Health  Organization  announced  that  SARS-CoV-2  can  stay  in  the  air  for  eight  hours.
Kia  ora!  Apologies  -  we  heard  our  tweets  weren't  showing  up  chronologically  on  the  thread  so  we've  fixed  it!  Please  see  update  from  the  below.  Today  there  is  one  new  case  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  managed  isolation  facilities  in  New  Zealand.
Bryan  Steil  says  WI  has  only  spent  3.8%  of  the  coronavirus  funding  allocated  by  the  federal  government.  That's  Half  Tru
South  Africa  has  the  fifth-highest  Covid-19  infection  rate  in  the  world.
Another  New  York  note:  the  state  has  not  released  new  positive  or  total  test  numbers  yet  today.  NY  has  been  reporting  17-26k  tests  per  day.
Restaurant  and  bar  owners:  Have  you  planned  what  to  do  if  a  staff  member  gets  sick  with  CDC  offers  tips  to  protect  the  health  and  safety  of  staff  and  customers.  Tips  here:  
Following  the  national  lead  24  States/UTs  are  also  reporting  higher  number  of  new  recoveries  than  the  new  cases.  
People  who  arrived  at  Tirur  Kerala  (India)  from  Mumbai  in  train  escaped  from  the  sight  of  the  authorities  to  avoid  quarantine.
This  months  blood  disorder  webinar  will  discuss  associated  VTE  risks  and  considerations.  Pre-register  now  and  join  us  September  17  at  2  p.m.  ET:  
In  the  United  States,  there  are  360,000  (deaths)  a  year  from  swimming  pools.  But  we  dont  shut  the  country  down  for  that.
Our  daily  update  is  published.  New  records  for  cases  and  a  top-5  day  for  tests.  Patients  currently  hospitalized  jumped  to  over  43000  about  the  levels  of  mid-May.  States  reported  more  than  800  new  deaths.  The  7-day  average  is  creeping  back  up.  
We  believe  this  data  is  central  to  our  mission  of  recording  state-level  data  that  illuminates  the  severity  of  the  outbreak  and  the  intensity  of  responses  to  it.  We  expect  that  more  and  more  states  will  be  reporting  these  numbers  soon.
Says  Queen  Elizabeth  said  Philippine  President  Rodrigo  Duterte  is  the  kind  of  leader  who  knows  the  way  ....  Filipinos  are  very  lucky  to  have  him.
Russia  is  attempting  to  steal  coronavirus  vaccine  research  U.S.  U.K.  and  Canada  claim  
As  the  coronavirus  has  led  to  layoffs  that  stripped  workers  of  their  employer-sponsored  health  insurance  top  Republicans  have  actually  encouraged  people  to  sign  up  for  plans  available  on  the  marketplaces  set  up  by  Obamacare.  
Nursing  home  and  assisted  living  facility  staff:  You  protect  vulnerable  residents  from  CDCs  new  training  webinars  can  help:  
Latest  updates  from  There  are  2  new  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  in  New  Zealand.  Two  women  from  the  same  family  one  in  her  30s  and  the  other  in  her  40s  who  recently  arrived  from  the  UK  via  Australia  have  today  been  confirmed  with  COVID-19.  
We  are  rapidly  increasing  the  number  of  frontline  workers  trained  to  respond  to  in  all  36  states  &amp;  FCT  In  the  last  three  weeks  we  trained  over  8000  health  workers  focusing  on  infection  prevention  and  control  
Recovery  Rate  maintains  upwards  journey  nearly  72%  today  COVID  tests  nearly  3  cr.
India  can  now  test  over  2  lakh  samples  everyday  and  follows  3Ts  model  which  is  Test  Track  and  Treat  to  prevent  the  spread  of  
People  living  in  quarantine  centre  refuse  to  eat  food  as  it  was  cooked  by  lower  caste  women.
Some  open  questions:  when  a  state  says  "hospitalized"  does  that  mean  currently  or  cumulatively?  What  does  recovered  mean  and  how  is  that  tracked?  Some  states  are  showing  ICU  numbers  but  it's  not  clear  if  they  are  COVID  related.  It's  gonna  be  tough  to  nail  all  this  down.
White  House  press  secretary  Kayleigh  McEnany  said  Donald  Trump  never  downplayed  the  coronavirus.  That's  hard  to  argue  when  he  said  on  tape  that  he  did.  Pants  on  Fire.  
Coronaviruses  already  affecting  animals  are  the  same  strain  as  the  one  causing  COVID-19  in  humans.
The  COVAX  Facility  is  the  agreed  international  mechanism  for  ensuring  equitable  global  access  to  vaccines.  Its  solidarity  in  action.  COVAX  guarantees  access  to  the  worlds  largest  portfolio  of  vaccine  candidates-
The  Vaccine  is  Ready  but  it  is  Not  Minority-Friendly  
India's  tally  of  COVID-19  cases  has  crossed  the  4  lakh  mark  out  of  which  227755  people  have  recovered  so  far.  Senior  Congress  leader  V  Hanumantha  Rao  has  tested  positive  for  the  coronavirus  infection.  
Local  woman  lowers  'Live  Laugh  Love'  poster  to  half-mast    
_A  video  has  been  viewed  thousands  of  times  on  Facebook  Twitter  Instagram  and  YouTube  in  March  2020  alongside  a  claim  that  it  shows  police  in  Spain  detaining  people  during  a  lockdown  due  to  the  coronavirus  pandemic._
Localized  analysis  will  continue  to  be  key  in  identifying  which  communities  are  disproportionately  impacted  by  COVID-19.  We  plan  to  release  our  dataset  spanning  64  major  metro  areas  in  the  near  future.  It  will  include  ZIP  code-level  data  along  with  race  and  ethnicity  data.
Also  important:  this  is  not  a  grade  for  the  testing  effort  itselfbut  rather  for  the  comprehensiveness  and  regularity  of  their  reporting.  The  former  is  obviously  more  important  but  the  latter  has  major  impacts  on  public  understanding  of  what's  happening.  -
Yesterday  our  laboratories  processed  2125  tests  bringing  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  496606.  There  were  1134  swabs  taken  in  managed  isolation  and  quarantine  facilities  yesterday.
Jared  Leto  Creating  A  Cult  To  Save  People  From  The  Coronavirus?  
In  this  video  italian  representative  Sara  Cunial  tells  the  truth  about  Bill  Gates  and  its  will  to  control  world  population  through  vaccines  and  medical  experiment.
Auckland  DHB  has  reported  around  200  people  being  tested  for  COVID-19  at  new  model  community  testing  centres  in  Northcote  Henderson  Grafton  and  Wiri.  All  tested  so  far  have  returned  negative  results.
Donald  Trump  is  not  responsible  for  the  coronavirus.  But  he  does  bear  full  responsibility  for  failing  to  protect  our  nation  from  the  worst  public  health  and  economic  crisis  in  our  lifetime.
Bahrain  accused  Iran  of  "biological  aggression  that  is  criminalised  by  international  law"  by  lying  about  the  extent  of  the  outbreak  in  Iran
ER  visits  in  the  US  down  42%  during  the  coronavirus  pandemic.  
Dr.  VK  Srinivas  Vice-President  of  Bharath  Biotech  He  is  taking  first  injection  of  COVID-19  vaccine.  They  have  confidence  in  their  product
The  South  continues  to  drive  the  rising  number  of  COVID-19  deaths.  Today  58%  of  deaths  reported  were  in  that  region.  
A  video  of  a  woman  claiming  that  pneumonia  HIV  and  cardiovascular  patients  are  being  treated  together  in  a  hospitals  COVID-19  isolation  ward  has  been  viewed  thousands  of  times  in  multiple  posts  on  Facebook  and  Twitter.  The  footage  includes  superimposed  text  that  claims  the  hospital  is  the  Abbasi  Shaheed  Hospital  a  state-run  facility  in  the  Pakistani  city  of  Karachi.
State-wise  details  of  Total  Confirmed  cases  (till  14  September  2020  8  AM)  States  with  1-15000  confirmed  cases  States  with  15001-110000  confirmed  cases  States  with  110000+  confirmed  cases  Total  no.  of  confirmed  cases  so  far  
However  that  will  lead  to  a  drop  in  positive  cases  in  the  time  series  data  because  the  state  lags  other  reporting  sources.
The  new  coronavirus  pandemic  is  a  fake.  The  restrictions  aim  to  enrich  some  mighty  individuals.
testing  status  update:  stated  that  58312273  samples  tested  upto  September  14  2020  1072845  sample  tested  on  September  14  2020  
.has  claimed  that  the  U.S.  has  "one  of  the  lowest  mortality  rates  in  the  worldfrom  COVID-19.  That's  False.  
Are  34%  of  WI  renters  at  risk  of  eviction  amid  the  COVID-19  pandemic?  We  rate  this  Mostly  True.  
States  reported  775  deaths  but  as  noted  the  change  from  last  week  was  due  to  a  reporting  backlog  in  Delaware.  
We're  debunking  misinformation  about  coronavirus.  Why?  Because  hoaxes  travel  fast  and  the  numbers  and  causes  of  this  growing  outbreak  need  clarification.  
There  are  69  people  linked  to  the  community  cluster  who  remain  in  the  Auckland  quarantine  facility  which  includes  52  people  who  have  tested  positive  for  COVID-19  and  their  household  contacts.
Science  &amp;  Technology  Committee  heard  evidence  from  modellers  Matt  Keeling  and  "UK  must  keep  coronavirus  transmission  suppressed  by  around  65%  to  control  the  pandemic."  
Rock  Legend  Beats  Bug  
Every  day  since  March  30  the  7-day  average  for  deaths  in  this  country  has  been  over  478  which  was  the  low  in  our  data  on  July  6.  Through  all  of  August  states  are  reporting  twice  as  many  deaths  as  in  early  July.  
Over  42  thousand  samples  tested  so  far;  123  labs  are  functional  49  private  labs  have  been  given  clearance  399  patients  hav
Decline  in  Nigerias  cases  doesnt  mean  weve  flattened  the  curve.  In  August  testing  dropped  by  36%  due  to  decline  in  sample  collectionexplains  further  in  this  interview  
India  has  scaled  a  historic  peak.  Nearly  15  lakh  samples  have  been  tested  in  the  past  24  hours.  Cumulative  tests  in  the  country  close  to  landmark  figure  of  7  crore.  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  States  reported  611k  tests  and  38k  cases.  The  death  toll  today  is  572.  
More  than  50000  people  have  returned  to  NZ  since  26  March.  Our  Managed  Isolation  and  Quarantine  workers  are  working  on  the  ground  supporting  our  returnees  and  keeping  our  communities  safe  from  COVID-19.  
The  first  case  of  new  coronavirus  in  Venezuela  has  been  registered.  It  comes  from  the  Bolivar  state.
Potential  contacts  include  people  on  the  same  flight  from  Brisbane  and  people  who  are  in  or  have  been  in  the  same  managed  isolation  facility  including  staff.
Health  Secretary  Matt  Hancock  has  admitted  there  are  'challenges'  with  the  testing  system  after  'sharp  rise'  in  demand  
A  woman  has  fallen  out  of  a  moving  car  on  to  a  motorway  after  leaning  out  of  a  window  to  film  a  Snapchat  video  
news:  Another  scary  thing  about  COVID:  Survivors  arent  fully  recovering  -  
Arizonas  data  is  muddled.  Testing  capacity  is  maxed  which  affects  the  case  count  as  you  can  see  by  the  similarity  in  the  shape  of  those  charts.  But  looking  at  other  metrics  today  the  state  reported  record  hospitalizations  and  its  2nd-highest  number  of  deaths.  
As  at  09:30  pm  9th  April  there  are  288  confirmed  cases  51  discharged  7  deaths  For  more  info-  Lagos-  158  FCT-  54  Osun-  20  Edo-  12  Oyo-  11  Bauchi-  6  Akwa  Ibom-  5  Ogun-  4  Kaduna-  5  Enugu-  2  Ekiti-  2  Rivers-2  Kwara-  2  Delta-  2  Benue-  1  Ondo-  1  Katsina-1
Watch  live:  Boris  Johnson  addresses  the  nation  after  announcing  new  restrictions  in  England  during  a  House  of  Commons  statement  
Snitches  Dying  At  A  Higher  Rate  From  COVID-19  Than  Any  Other  Demographic  
Coronavirus  cases  linked  to  5G  rollout.
This  is  COVID-19,  not  COVID-1,  folks.  And  so  you  would  think  the  people  charged  with  the  World  Health  Organization  facts  and  figures  would  be  on  top  of  that.
Turns  out  the  NHS  cannot  make  a  better  COVID  tracking  app  than  Google  or  Apple.  
Florida's  numbers  today  include  a  large  number  of  backlogged  tests  the  state  said.  
No  clear  increase  in  cases  hospitalizations  or  deaths  after  the  April  7  election  in  Milwaukee  suggesting  possible  benefit  of  state  efforts  to  expand  absentee  and  curbside  voting  and  other  safety  efforts  by  and  Read  
The  CDC  adjusted  the  US  Covid  deaths  from  153,504  to  9,210.
Any  recent  manufacturing  gains  were  wiped  out  by  the  COVID-19  lockdown.  
Standard  weekend  reporting  (and  single-day)  caveats  apply  but  deaths  fell  to  1184  the  lowest  level  since  April  6.  
Official  data  show  that  there  were  more  deaths  in  Italy  in  2019  than  in  2020.
Amid  COVID-19,  25  of  the  26  Republican  governors  "have  decided  to  play  football,"  but  "three-fourths"  of  the  24  Democratic  governors  "have  decided  not  to  play  already  and  most  will  probably  not  play.
Images  of  a  man  dressed  in  a  hospital  gown  who  seems  to  run  away  jumping  a  wall  of  the  building.  According  to  the  caption  this  man  reported  that  he  had  gone  to  the  health  center  to  heal  a  wound  in  his  hand  when  they  assured  him  that  he  should  be  admitted  for  COVID-19  and  that  when  "they  were  going  to  connect  a  ventilator  he  decided  to  jump  from  the  second  floor  and  escape".
A  photo  circulating  on  Facebook  in  Nigeria  appears  to  show  President  Muhammadu  Buhari  shaking  hands  with  the  nations  Code  of  Conduct  Bureau  Chairman  Mohammed  Isa  while  both  men  are  wearing  face  masks  seemingly  against  precautions  during  the  novel  coronavirus  pandemic.
A  year  ago  14-year-old  astrologer  Abhigyan  Anand  had  made  a  prediction  about  thecoronavirus.
Nineteen  new  cases  of  have  been  reported  as  follows:  14  in  Lagos  2  in  FCT  1  in  Kano  1  in  Akwa  Ibom  1  in  Edo  As  at  09:20  pm  14th  April  there  are  362  confirmed  cases  of  reported  in  Nigeria.  99  have  been  discharged  with  11  deaths  
Between  10-12  Jan  WHO  published  a  package  of  guidance  documents  for  countries  covering  topics  related  to  the  management  of  a  new  disease  outbreak:  finding  &amp;  testing  for  the  disease  caring  for  patients  infection  prevention  &amp;  control  measures  to  protect  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  States  reported  903k  tests  52k  cases  and  998  COVID-19  deaths.  This  is  the  first  time  deaths  have  been  under  1000  on  a  weekday  (excluding  Mondays)  since  July  18.  
Says  Wisconsins  in-person  election  has  caused  a  surgein  new  coronavirus  cases.
Our  daily  update  is  published.  States  reported  692k  tests  31k  cases  and  358  deaths.  Note  there  is  a  considerable  lag  in  reported  death  data  because  it's  Monday.  
Exhaustion.  Pain.  Loneliness.  Fear.  Researchers  are  concerned  about  post-intensive  care  syndrome  in  COVID.  
As  on  11  Sep  2020  the  for  cases  across  India  is  1.67%.  
Cover  your  cough!  spreads  through  respiratory  droplets  when  an  infected  person  coughs  sneezes  or  talks.  Additionally  it  can  also  be  spread  when  someone  is  not  showing  symptoms.  Take  everyday  precautions  to  do  your  part  to  stop  the  spread:  
People  are  being  deceived  -  the  high  mortality  rates  in  Italy  are  not  caused  by  the  new  coronavirus.
The  latest  CDC  report  shows  that  during  August  weekly  hospitalization  rates  declined  among  all  adult  age  groups.  However  while  rates  for  children  aged  5-17  were  constant  during  most  of  this  period  they  increased  at  the  end  of  August:  
CDC  has  discontinued  reporting  the  number  of  persons  under  investigationand  negative  test  results  for  With  more  testing  done  by  states  these  numbers  would  not  be  representative  of  national  testing.
COVID-19  is  now  the  number  3  cause  of  death  in  the  US.  
Nancy  Pelosi  Suggests  That  The  Coronavirus  (C-19)  Be  Renamed  The  (C-45)  in  Honor  of  President  Trump  
It  has  been  71  days  since  the  last  case  of  COVID-19  was  acquired  locally  from  an  unknown  source.The  total  number  of  active  cases  is  24.Todays  new  case  is  a  woman  in  her  20s  who  arrived  in  New  Zealand  on  2  July  from  London  via  Doha  and  Sydney.
The  Access  to  Tools  (ACT)  Accelerator  Facilitation  Council  facilitates  the  work  of  the  ACT-Accelerator  through  political  leadership  &amp;  advocacy  for  collective  approaches  to  solutions  in  the  global  interest  to  mobilize  resources.  
Senate  hopeful/ex-coach  Tommy  Tuberville  is  wrong  about  COVID-19  and  which  states  are  playing  college  football.  It's  conferences  not  states  or  governors  who  decide  whether  the  season  will  go  on  as  planned.  
All  Florida  High  Schools  Cancel  Their  Basketball  Season  
As  a  patient  you  can  take  steps  to  reduce  your  risk  of  Follow  these  simple  tips  to  protect  yourself  and  your  family:  
_Allowances  of  Members  of  Parliament  in  India  have  been  increased  by  49  thousand  rupees  during  the  pandemic._
Our  daily  update  is  published.  States  reported  740k  tests  56k  cases  and  1218  deaths.  The  number  of  tests  has  rebounded  the  last  three  days.  
CDC  is  closely  monitoring  case  increases  with  48  boots-on-the-ground  teams  across  the  US.  We  are  working  with  sta
NEWS!  Coronavirus  tracing  app  will  also  monitor  you  tone  of  voice,  confirms  Matt  Hancock  
Wash  hands  often  to  help  of  Keep  key  times  in  mind  for  when  to  wash  your  hands  &amp;  remember  to  practice  other  protective  measures  like  social  distancing  and  wearing  a  face  cover:  
Hue  and  Cry  complain  the  coronavirus  restrictions  are  really  hampering  their  search  for  Linda  
A  testing  centre  in  Kent  has  been  shut  -  reportedly  to  make  way  for  a  lorry  park  in  the  run  up  to  the  next  big  Brexit  deadline  
NEWS!  Todays  coronavirus  briefing  to  be  held  by  bloke  who  was  once  in  Holby  City
This  fall  we  expect  and  to  be  spreading  at  the  same  time.  Protect  yourself  and  your  family  by  getting  your  
First  death  from  coronavirus  in  Barranquilla  Columbia.
Coronavirus  is  hitting  Pakistan  so  badly  .  You  can  see  the  conditions  of  hospital  in  Pakistan  and  there's  no  space  in  hospitals  for  corona  patient  .So  please  take  it  serious  this  is  a  worldwide  dangerous  virus
The  2005  study  found  that  chloroquine  was  effective  on  primate  cells  with  severe  acute  respiratory  syndrome.  But  while  the  two  share  similarities  SARS-CoV  and  COVID-19  are  different  diseases  and  primate  cells  are  far  from  human  patients.  
In  Lagos  we  are  working  with  and  other  partners  in  the  operationalisation  of  sample  collection  sites  in  Local  Governments  for  diagnosis  This  is  part  of  our  strategy  to  ensure  cases  are  detected  early  
Here  are  the  four  colors  and  what  they  mean:  Red:  Active  or  imminent  outbreak  Orange:  Risk  of  second  spike  or  major  gap  in  at  least  one  of  the  metrics  Yellow:  Does  not  meet  standards  for  containment  Green:  On  track  for  containment
A  Whatsapp  message  which  claims  that  the  Italian  government  sent  "Nas"  (a  branch  of  the  Carabinieri)  to  close  the  department  in  charge  of  plamsa-related  therapies  at  Mantua  hospital  where  "they  cure  COVID-19  in  48  hours".  The  government  would  have  done  that  in  order  to  obtain  "Bill  Gates'  vaccine".
Claim  from  an  "uncle"  who  "graduated  with  a  master's  degree"  and  worked  at  Shenzhen  Hospital  offers  advice  on  COVID-19  symptoms  and  treatment.
Muslims  intentionally  licking  the  cutlery  and  plates  to  spread  COVID-19.
A  note:  we  found  a  better  official  source  of  Alabama  data.  This  pushed  up  the  historical  numbers  of  hospitalizations  by  ~400  in  mid-April.  Without  that  backfill  today  would  have  set  the  new  peak  for  hospitalized  COVID-19  patients  the  U.S.  Even  so  todays  figure  is  3rd  all-time.
You  can  read  more  details  on  nationwide  trends  and  our  newest  project  the  Long-Term  Care  COVID  Tracker  in  our  weekly  post:  
We  are  monitoring  the  infection  rates  in  the  city.Mayor  of  Liverpool  Joe  Anderson  says  local  lockdown  restrictions  possibly  should  have  been  done  a  bit  earlier.  
President  Trump  urged  people  to  ingest  or  inject  disinfectants  as  a  treatment  for  coronavirus.
Contact  tracing  is  key  that's  why  we  added  it  as  our  fourth  metric  for  our  COVID  warning  system:  
GoI  has  also  asked  States/UTs  to  facilitate  testing  in  a  big  way  by  the  adoption  of  'campaign  mode'  by  organizing  testing  camps  using  mobile  vans  etc.  This  shall  effectively  take  tests  to  the  peoples  doorsteps  in  high  incidence  areas  by  using  
You  can  help  slow  the  spread  of  Practice  Keep  at  least  six  feet  of  physical  distance  between  yourself  and  others.  Wear  a  cloth  face  covering  when  in  public.  More  tips  at  
132  new  cases  of  Lagos-52  Gombe-27  Plateau-17  Kwara-10  Enugu-9  Ogun-9  Katsina-3  Ekiti-2  Bauchi-1  Osun-1  Rivers-1  56388  confirmed  44337  discharged  1083  deaths  
CDC:  Infected  mothers-to-be  are  5x  more  likely  to  be  hospitalized  for  coronavirus  and  almost  2x  as  likely  to  require  mechanical  ventilation.  
Were  working  with  vaccine  manufacturers  to  provide  all  countries  that  join  the  effort  timely  and  equitable  access  to  all  vaccines  licensed  and  approved.  This  doesnt  just  pool  risk  it  also  means  that  prices  will  be  kept  as  low  as  possible.-
Men  scramble  to  find  a  personality  after  CDC  suggests  shaving  beard  to  stop  coronavirus  
We  have  one  of  the  lowest  mortality  rates  in  the  worldfrom  COVID-19.
The  main  discrepancy  is  in  how  New  York  City  and  New  York  State  are  reporting  presumed  COVID  deaths.  Both  methods  are  defensible  just  different.  -
This  ones  on  you,  
If  there  is  a  larger  outbreak  the  entire  building  will  have  to  be  closed  for  48  hours  after  thorough  disinfection.  All  staff  will  work  from  home  till  the  building  is  adequately  disinfected  and  is  declared  fit  for  re-occupation.  (2/4)
India's  testing  capacity  has  surged  to  more  than  12L  daily  tests.  Higher  than  6.5  cr  total  tests  have  been  conducted  across  the  country.  
The  governador  of  the  Province  of  Buenos  Aires  Axel  Kicillof  wants  to  fire  Juan  Domnguez  a  doctor  from  the  Hospital  of  Moron.
More  than  1/3  of  BAME  doctors  in  the  UK  are  still  not  being  given  access  to  potentially  life-saving  Covid-19  risk  assessments.  
has  announced  5  new  cases  of  in  Nigeria  bringing  the  total  number  confirmed  cases  in  Nigeria  to  8  All  5  cases  had  a  travel  history  to  the  UK/USA  We  urge  Nigerians  to  remain  calm  as  public  health  response  activities  are  intensified  across  the  country  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Some  of  the  numbers  are  coming  back  up  after  the  dip  over  the  holiday  weekend.  States  reported  about  52K  new  cases  today.  653K  new  tests  were  reported  today.  919  deaths  were  reported  today  after  several  days  of  unusually  low  death  figures.  
A  photo  claiming  that  SARS-CoV-2  is  an  old  virus  known  since  2003.
_A  student  from  Pondicherry  University  has  found  a  home  remedy  for  COVID-19  that  has  been  accepted  by  World  Health  Organization  (WHO)_
Our  daily  update  is  published.  States  reported  763k  tests  and  62k  new  cases.  This  is  a  considerable  jump  from  mid-week  which  is  not  typical  and  may  reflect  a  return  to  more  normal  reporting  after  the  east  coast  weather  problems.  The  death  toll  was  1333.  
There  is  no  science  or  data  to  suggest  that  kids  are  at  risk  from  COVID.
Trump  Assigns  Meat  Loaf  &amp;  Gary  Busey  To  Covid-19  Team  
Dr.  Manish  Patil  died  due  to  coronavirus  in  Maharasthra.
We  must  gear  up  for  an  additional  potential  challengeboth  flu  and  could  peak  simultaneously  and  place  a  tremend
Metro  Manila  had  an  83%  rise  in  COVID-19  cases  in  one  day.
Patients  who  are  critically  ill  with  severe  are  at  higher  risk  of  developing  and  dying  from  
Residents  of  Corona,  California  Want  The  Citys  Name  Changed  
Clarification  on  the  NZ  COVID  Tracer  figures:  Number  of  manual  entries  per  day  (7  day  average):  16151  Number  of  manual  entries  in  total:  137385
OK  our  final  decisionafter  tortuous  discussionis  to  commit  to  this  new  California  data  for  cases  and  deaths  relying  on  press  conferences  for  other  outcome  data.  We've  left  negative  and  pending  tests  intact  until  the  state  provides  an  update.
Bill  Gates  said  that  the  COVID-19  vaccine  will  permanently  change  your  DNA.
288  new  cases  of  179-Lagos  20-Kaduna  15-Katsina  15-Jigawa  13-Borno  11-Ogun  8-Kano  7-FCT  4-Niger  4-Ekiti  3-Oyo  3-Delta  3-Bauchi  2-Kwara  1-Edo  5445  cases  of  in  Nigeria  Discharged:  1320  Deaths:  171  
COVID-19  update:  There  are  no  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  New  Zealand  today.  It  has  been  99  days  since  the  last  case  of  COVID-19  was  acquired  locally  from  an  unknown  source.
Oh  I  got  much  more  LOL    EG.  soros  wants  CCP  to  run  new  world  order  IMF  ,  WEF  ,  UN  ALL  COMPLICIT    covid19  is  a  bioweapon    CREATED  TO  STAY  WITH  HUMANS  FOR  LIFE    spreading  to  the  ill  TO  KILL  no  vaccine  can  cure  ESPECIALLY  GATES  VACCINES  GATES  CRETED  NEW  POLIO  
A  man  in  Italy  commits  suicide  after  losing  his  family  to  coronavirus.
Yesterday  our  laboratories  completed  2307  tests.  That  brings  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  453923
Victor,  Hot  spots  for  COVID-19  are  also  commonly  5G  areas!  Fear  ignorance  as  much  as  fear.  A  virus  is  a  virus.  Also,  look  at  zinc,  Vitamins  D,  C,  A  &amp;  quinine,  &amp;  last  but  not  least  chlorine  dioxide.  You  can  a  kit  for  $50,  enough  for  person  months.
CDC  flip-flops  testing  recommendations.  Again.  
Our  fact-check  shows  a  trail  of  dismissive  comments  from  Trump  about  COVID-19  from  January  to  mid  March.  He  minimized  the  threat  compared  a  handful  of  cases  with  the  seasonal  flu  and  said  the  U.S.  was  lucky.
As  at  10:10  pm  17th  April  number  of  states  with  confirmed  cases  of  19  +  FCT  Lagos-  283  FCT-  69  Kano-  27  Osun-  20  Edo-  15  Oyo-  15  Ogun-  10  Kwara-  9  Katsina-  9  Bauchi-  6  Kaduna-  6  Akwa  Ibom-  6  Delta-  4  Ondo-  3  Ekiti-  3  Enugu-  2  Rivers-2  Niger-  2  Benue-  1  Anambra-  1
As  of  this  morning  we  have  identified  28  close  contacts  of  the  Tokoroa  health  professional  currently  in  the  hospital  for  COVID-19.  16  of  those  have  already  been  contacted.  We  expect  to  contact  the  remainder  today.
Hope  to  have  that  implemented  in  the  next  7-10  days.  And  data  up  on  the  site  sooner  than  that.  -
Observing  physical  distance  reduces  the  risk  of  contact  with  droplets  when  an  infected  person  sneezes/coughs.  to  reduce  the  risk  of  spread  to  those  around.  and:  Observe  physical  distancing  Wash  your  hands  frequently  
Both  new  cases  are  women  travelling  together.  They  are  in  their  20s  and  arrived  from  Pakistan  via  Dubai  on  27  July.  Both  have  been  in  managed  isolation  in  the  Sudima  in  Rotorua  and  are  now  being  transferred  to  the  quarantine  facility  in  Auckland.
Brazilian  states  receive  a  R$  16450  extra  funding  from  the  federal  government  for  each  COVID-19  death.
As  the  coronavirus  has  led  to  layoffs  that  stripped  workers  of  their  employer-sponsored  health  insurance  top  Republicans  have  actually  encouraged  people  to  sign  up  for  plans  available  on  the  marketplaces  set  up  by  Obamacare.  
A  low  percentage  (0.5%)  of  COVID  tests  were  positive  which  suggests  enough  widespread  aggressive  testing  in  Maine  to  detect  most  new  cases.  Identifying  and  isolating  new  cases  can  help  contain  COVID  without  resorting  to  lockdowns.  
_A  new  vaccine  to  cure  coronavirus  has  been  developed  by  U.S.  scientists._
States  reported  1186  deaths.  Only  New  Jersey  reported  more  than  100.  The  7-day  average  remained  under  1000.  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Weve  now  tracked  a  total  of  1.6+  million  tests  up  more  than  200k  from  yesterday.  The  testing  plateau  is  over.  Note  that  we  can  only  track  tests  that  a  state  reports.  And  not  all  states  report  all  tests.  For  details  see:  
Far  better  than  banging  thalis  and  shouting  go  corona  go.  Also,  far  better  than  taking  coronil.  
Those  who  recover  from  infection  also  should  follow  appropriate  behavioursResults  of  country-level  sero-survey
We  are  pleased  to  announce  the  inclusion  of  two  new  laboratories  in  Lagos  &amp;  Ogun  established  by  in  collaboration  with  the  State  governments  &amp;  NCDC  This  brings  the  number  of  laboratories  in  our  molecular  lab  network  to  17  &amp;  expands  national  testing  capacity  
The  vaccine  against  COVID-19  is  finally  ready.
Reported  deaths  fell  below  800  for  the  first  time  in  weeks.  The  7-day  average  has  fallen  from  over  2000  in  mid-April  to  under  1400.  Important  to  recognize  that  this  data  lags:  
India  records  highest  ever  single  day  recoveries  of  51706  taking  total  recoveries  to  1282215.  A  63.8%  increase  is  observed  in  recovered  cases  in  the  last  14  days.  
India's  Recovery  Rate  has  soared  past  70%  ensuring  more  and  more  patients  are  recovering.  To  further  build  on  this  achievement  32  States/UTs  have  exceeded  this  high  national  average.  
Confirmed  casesof  the  novel  coronavirus  or  2019  nCoV  were  recorded  at  the  Philippine  Bank  of  Communications  (PBCom)  Tower  in  Makati  City  according  to  a  message  that  circulated  Friday  Jan.  24.
Take  a  few  sips  of  water  every  15  minutes  at  least  ...  drinking  water  or  other  liquids  will  wash  the  coronavirus  down  through  your  throat  and  into  the  stomach.  Once  there,  your  stomach  acid  will  kill  all  the  virus.
bulletin  As  Recoveries  in  India  grow  difference  with  active  cases  widens  recovered  patients  are  3.5  times  the  ac
Confused  about  mortality  rate  for  coronavirus  and  case-fatality  rate?  We  explain  the  difference  here.  
Having  14  face  masks  is  enough.  They  can  be  reused  every  14  days  since  the  incubation  period  is  14  days.
STUDY:  Death  rate  for  cancer  patients  with  symptomatic  COVID-19  was  28%.  
In  the  30-second  viral  video  a  man  lifts  his  shirt  and  challenges  aa  police  officer  who  is  pointing  a  gun  at  him.  Another  police  officer  kicks  the  man  from  behind  pins  him  down  on  the  road  and  makes  an  arrest.  The  text  overlaid  on  the  video  reads  "Italy  says  lockdown  they  mean  it."
India  has  tested  35902137  so  far.  With  609917  tests  conducted  in  the  last  24  hours  India  is  on  its  resolved  drive  to  increase  its  testing  capacity.  Details  :  
STUDY:  COVID  was  likely  in  the  mix  of  Seattles  early  2020  flu  season.  
California's  case  numbers  continue  to  grow.  Arkansas  showing  increasing  cases  as  well  as  increasing  hospitalizations.  
A  post  shared  hundreds  of  times  on  Facebook  claims  that  Didier  Raoult  a  French  specialist  in  infectious  diseases  is  urging  Africans  not  to  take  Bill  Gates  vaccineagainst  coronavirus  as  it  contains  poison.
Each  side  of  protective  surgical  masks  has  different  functions  indicated  by  colour  and  you  should  choose  the  way  you  wear  by  whether  you  are  ill  or  not.
People  in  USA  march  and  call  for  the  arrest  of  Bill  Gates.
Scream  Out  Of  Your  Window  In  Frustration'  Event  To  Go  Ahead  
Claims  that  WHO  does  not  recommend  wearing  masks  during  COVID-19  are  False.
India  Tracker  (As  on  01  September  2020  08:00  AM)  Confirmed  cases:  3691166  Recovered:  2839882  (76.9%)Active  cases:  785996  (21.3%)  Deaths:  65288  (1.8%)  Via  
ICMR  and  Sir  Ganga  Ram  Hospital  have  made  a  list  of  preventive  measures  for  COVID-19
Our  update  is  published.  States  reported  733k  new  tests  the  2nd-lowest  number  in  the  past  2  weeks.  They  also  reported  just  53k  new  cases  the  fewest  since  7/7  though  still  a  huge  number  by  pre-July  standards.  As  for  hospitalizations  wellwe  have  more  to  say  about  that.  
At  this  stage  only  the  man  will  be  counted  as  a  confirmed  case  as  he  has  returned  a  weak  positive  result  on  the  PCR  test.  The  other  family  members  will  be  recorded  as  probable  cases.
Our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  is  now  1169.  Yesterday  our  labs  completed  another  new  record  number  of  tests  10436.  Bringing  the  total  of  number  of  tests  to  date  to  368432.  
Kanika  Kapoor  spreading  love  and  care  all  around  the  world.    With  HRH  Prince  Charles  here  who  was  diagnosed  with  Covid19  today  ?
Scientists  find  a  parasite  in  the  White  House  
Chloroquine  is  a  potent  inhibitor  of  SARS  coronavirus  infection  and  spread-  The  Virology  Journal,  2005  (The  official  publication  of  Dr.  Faucis  NIH)  
Japanese  Nobel  laureate  Tasuku  Honjo  declared  that  coronavirus  is  man-made  and  is  created  by  China.
There  is  a  higher  risk  of  severe  for  people  living  with:  High  blood  pressure  Asthma  and  other  respiratory  diseases  Cancers  Heart  disease  
The  Administration,  via  announces  that  it  will  ship  6.5  million  member  testing  kits  to  states  this  week,  the  first  of  100  million  to  ship.  The  Abbott  test  requires  no  additional  equipment  and  provides  results  in  15  min.  
German  scientist  claims  chlorine  dioxide  can  act  against  coronavirus.
The  huge  testing  number  appears  to  be  duein  partto  California  Georgia  and  other  states  releasing  backlogged  results.  CA  and  GA  both  reported  at  least  20k  more  results  today  than  they  did  yesterday  for  instance.  CA  alone  reported  137k  test  results  today.  
When  I  declared  a  public  health  emergency  of  international  concern  on  the  30th  of  January  the  highest  level  of  alarm  under  international  law  there  were  less  than  100  cases  outside  of  and  no  deaths-
So  yesterday  we  made  the  tough  decision  to  begin  to  standardize  the  way  we  capture  state  data  to  sum  testing-confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  and  suspected  cases  in  our  "currently  hospitalized"  numbers.
Coffee  cures  coronavirus.
We  have  to  ensure  every  worker  called  back  on  the  job  has  access  to  regular,  reliable  COVID-19  testing  and  effective  personal  protective  equipment.  
India  has  progressively  maintained  a  low  Case  Fatality  Rate  (1.7%  today  compared  to  global  average  of  3.28%).  The  aim  is  to  achieve  a  national  CFR  of  less  than  1%.  There  are  17  States/UTs  that  are  even  today  reporting  mortality  figures  lower  than  1%.  
No  more  than  100  people  at  gatherings  including  weddings  birthdays  funerals  and  tangihanga.  Businesses  can  open  to  the  public  if  they  are  following  public  health  guidance  which  include  physical  distancing  and  record  keeping.
Coronavirus  is  caused  by  snakes.
Italian  doctors  discovered  that  COVID-19  causes  thrombosis  instead  of  pneumonia  by  doing  autopsies  on  the  dead  which  is  prohibited  by  the  WHO.
PPI  use  is  a  risk  factor  for  COVID-19.  
Coronil  ke  bad  v  unki  death  ho  gyi...so  sad  RIP    Common  people  ke  bare  me  govt  se  pucho  propaganda  godi  media  91000  logo  ki  av  tak  death  ho  chuki  h.kon  resposible  h?..propaganda  godi  media  ke  according  to  lagta  h  jamaat  gathering  hi  hoga.baki  gathering  to  corona  bhagane  me  lage  h
Brasilian  doctor  discovered  a  cure  for  COVID-19.
While  data  issues  continue  to  plague  various  states  the  regional  testing  picture  shows  that  the  7-day  daily  testing  average  appears  to  have  peaked  in  the  South  on  July  27.  
There  is  an  exponential  increase  in  the  Tests  Per  Million  (TPM)  Population.  21  States/UTs  are  performing  more  tests  per  million  than  the  national  average:  Secretary  
treatment  in  all  Govt.  Dedicated  hospitals  is  free  of  cost.  For  50  crore  beneficiaries  of  Ayushman  Bharat  Pradhan  Mantri  Jan  Arogya  Yojana  can  avail  free  testing  and  treatment  for  in  empanelled  private  labs/hospitals.
Heres  the  truthDonald  Trump  turned  his  back  on  the  middle  class  long  before  COVID-19.  He  cut  taxes  for  the  super-wealthy,  drove  U.S.  manufacturing  into  a  recession,  and  stacked  the  deck  against  hardworking  Americans.    It's  time  we  pick  a  different  path.  
No  states  are  on  track  to  contain  COVID  according  to  our  model.  Some  states  are  headed  in  the  right  direction  with  COVID  spreading  in  a  slow  controlled  fashion.  Most  of  those  states  have  low  infection  growth  rates  adequate  testing  and  sufficient  ICU  capacity.
1178  deaths  were  reported.  States  have  now  reported  91261  deaths.  New  York  City  also  reports  4735  probable  COVID-19  deaths  that  New  York  State  still  does  not  record.  
President  Trump  Divulges  That  He  Will  Not  Be  Too  Concerned  About  the  Coronavirus  Unless  a  Trump  Fami
Health  Secretary  Matt  Hancock  has  not  ruled  out  a  second  national  lockdown  telling  Sky  News:  "We'll  do  what  is  necessary  to  keep  people  safe"  
The  U.S.  is  outpacing  the  world  with  an  unprecedented  number  of  tests  completing  more  than  52  million  tests  and  now  a
For  a  breakdown  of  cases  by  states  in  real  time  please  see  Currently;  Lagos-  25  FCT-  6  Ogun-  2  Ekiti-  1  Oyo-  1  Edo-  1  Total:  36  confirmed  cases  
Church  services  cant  resume  until  were  all  vaccinated  says  Bill  Gates.
We  are  now  in  the  process  of  establishing  a  consensus  on  the  international  allocation  of  these  products.  But  the  ACT  Accelerator  will  not  be  able  to  deliver  on  its  goals  without  a  significant  increase  in  funding-
The  following  four  States  of  Uttar  Pradesh  (86)  Punjab  (78)  Andhra  Pradesh  (64)  West  Bengal  (61)  contributed  25.5%  of  the  fatalities  in  the  last  24  hours.  Details  :  
Risk  factors  to  watch  for  include  a  patients  country  of  origin  or  birth  country.  
An  association  between  severity  of  coronavirus  infection  and  blood  type  is  emerging.  
Multiple  studies  all  said  for  decades,  masks  do  not  work  with  viruses.
So  far  keeping  in  mind  caveats  about  the  accuracy  of  these  tests...  9%  of  the  antibody  tests  have  been  positive.  This  does  not  mean  that  9%  of  the  population  has  had  COVID.  Perhaps  the  best  interpretation  is:  9%  of  people  who  thought  they  had  COVID  at  some  point  actually  did.
There  are  17  approved  testing  labs  (Govt.  &amp;  Pvt.)  in  which  you  may  check  out  from  the  following  link:  Kindly  note  that  testing  is  free  at  Govt  labs  and  on  payment  basis  at  Pvt  labs.  
In  India  there  are  3  trials  are  underway.  The  DCGI  has  permitted  Serum  Institute  of  India  (SII)  to  conduct  Phase  3  trial  of  the  vaccine  developed  by  the  Oxford  University  in  India.  
Critiqued  coronavirus  simulation  gets  thumbs  up  from  code-checking  efforts  
Our  combined  total  of  confirmed  and  probable  cases  remains  at  1504.  The  number  of  recovered  cases  is  unchanged  at  1481.  Only  one  case  remains  active.  There  are  no  additional  deaths  to  report.  There  is  no  one  in  New  Zealand  receiving  hospital-level  care  for  COVID-19.
NEWS!  Government  finalising  strategy  to  blame  you  for  coronavirus  deaths  
Professor  Chris  Whitty  reminds  the  public  the  coronavirus  does  not  respect  age,  gender,  geographical  boundaries  or  Harry  Styleshopes  of  becoming  a  serious  artiste  
India  records  Highest  ever  single  day  peak  of  63631  recoveries  Total  recoveries  cross  22  lakh  Recoveries  exceed  the  activ
Heres  the  weekly  look.  5.4m  tests  this  week  in  the  US  and  states  reported  461k  new  cases.  5194  COVID-19  deaths  were  reported  this  week.  
WHO  has  changed  its  rules  to  call  the  coronavirus  situation  a  pandemic.  -  Dr.  Jaroslav  Belsky.
Jackie  Chan  quarantined  with  suspected  coronavirus.
1	A  worker  at  a  testing  centre  has  told  Sky  News  that  they  are  working  at  only  a  fraction  of  capacity  even  as  people  complain  they  cannot  get  a  test  1	One  confounding  data  issue  right  now:  New  York  City  is  reporting  confirmed  and  presumptive  deaths  but  the  state  is  not  so  we  are  not.  However  at  least  one  state  (Ohio)  is  lumping  those  numbers  together.  This  may  get  messy  in  the  coming  days.
0	A  video  has  been  viewed  tens  of  thousands  of  times  on  Facebook  Twitter  and  YouTube  alongside  a  claim  it  shows  Italian  nationals  expressing  their  gratitude  to  China  for  providing  aid  during  the  novel  coronavirus  pandemic.
1	Sadly  there  are  4  people  in  hospital  today  around  the  country  with  COVID-19.  two  are  in  a  ward  at  North  Shore  Hospital  two  are  in  ICU  one  at  North  Shore  and  one  at  Waikato  hospital.  We  are  hoping  for  everyones  full  and  speedy  recovery.
1	India  Tracker  (As  on  28  August  2020  08:00  AM)  Confirmed  cases:  3387948  Recovered:  2583948  (76.3%)Active  cases:  742023  (21.9%)  Deaths:  61529  (1.8%)  Via  0	NEWS!  Government  coronavirus  strategy  enters  the  Hope  it  all  sorts  itself  outphase  1	Take  out  just  three  states  from  the  dataNY  NJ  and  CTand  a  different  story  emerges.  The  positive  rate  outside  that  area  never  reached  as  high  nor  did  it  ever  get  as  low.  And  it  began  climbing  over  the  last  week.  1	Help  prevent  the  spread  of  Avoid  close  contact  with  people  who  are  sick  wash  hands  often  for  at  least  20  seconds  avoid  touching  your  face  and  practice  social  distancing  by  putting  space  between  yourself  and  others.  1	Increasing  gap  between  Recovered  &amp;  Active  cases  of  India  (May  04  2020  to  September  20  2020)0	List  of  recommendations  from  US  virologist  Robert  Ray  Redfield  that  has  spread  on  social  media.
1	Principal  Secretary  to  Prime  Minister  directed  all  concerned  for  an  evidence  based  preparedness  of  all  aspects  of  with  active  participation  of  Districts  and  States  for  effectiveness.  Details  1	The  situation  report  for  13th  May  2020  has  been  published  Yesterday  the  number  of  discharged  cases  in  Nigeria  crossed  the  1000  mark.  Our  daily  situation  report  provides  more  details  on  this  &amp;  Nigeria's  response  Download  via:  0	Suggests  the  flu  shot  was  responsible  for  the  death  of  a  New  York  state  senator.
0	The  (corona)virus  just  isn't  nearly  as  deadly  as  we  thought  it  was.
0	CDC  Warning  to  Men  with  Trophy  Wives  1	Israel  has  become  the  first  country  in  the  world  to  announce  a  second  national  lockdown  0	This  is  an  image  of  a  suspected  coronavirus  vaccine  causing  COVID-19.
0	I  overheard  someone  explaining  how  COVID-19  means  Chinese  Originated  Viral  Infectious  Disease.  I  didnt  even  try  to  explain  to  them  they  were  wrong  but  I  did  ask  what  19  means.  He  said  it  was  the  number  of  trys  before  the  man  made  virus  was  perfected!    Vote  Blue!
0	Colombia  is  the  country  with  less  cases  and  deaths  for  coronavirus  per  inhabitant  in  America.
1	There  are  no  recovered  cases  to  report  today  meaning  the  number  of  active  cases  in  New  Zealand  is  23.  There  is  no  one  in  New  Zealand  receiving  hospital-level  care  for  COVID-19.  Our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  is  1209  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  0	Iranians  have  published  a  report  saying  that  coronavirus  is  a  biological  warfare.
0	3  Ways  is  Using  Predictive  Analytics  to  Combat  0	COVID-19,  Take  one  minute  and  read.  Be  understanding  !!!  A  Japanese  doctor  offers  excellent  advise  on  preventing  COVID-19.  New  coronavirus  may  not  show  symptoms  for  several  days  (14-27  days).  How  can  one  know  if  the  person  is  infected?  By  the  time  he  has  a  fever  and/  or  a  cough  and  goes  to  the  lung  hospital,  the  patient  may  have  50%  fibrosis,  and  then  it  is  too  late.  Taiwanese  experts  provide  simple  self-monitoring  that  we  can  do  every  morning:  Take  a  deep  breath  and  hold  your  breath  for  more  than  10  seconds.  If  you  can  do  this  successfully  without  coughing  and  without  difficulty,  without  anxiety  or  chest  tightness,  it  shows  you  do  not  have  fibrosis  and  generally  indicate  no  infection..
0	Since  4/4/20  Italy  hasn't  registered  any  new  cases  of  the  coronavirus.
1	India  sets  a  new  landmark  exceeds  3  crore  tests  Tests  Per  Million  (TPM)  continue  to  rise  stand  at  21769  today.  0	Death  Sentence  To  Be  Considered  For  Holiday  Makers  Receiving  Covid  Payment  1	To  slow  the  spread  of  CDC  recommends  that  people  wear  masks  in  public  settings  when  around  people  not  living  in  their  household  especially  when  other  social  distancing  measures  are  difficult  to  maintain.  Learn  more:  1	AIIMS  is  going  to  start  a  post-coronavirus  recovery  clinic  for  cases  to  evaluate  the  residual  effects  of  on  cases  post  their  recovery.  1	Untreated  Vitamin  D  deficiency  linked  to  an  increased  risk  of  COVID-19.  0	Doctors  Finally  Admit  That  Women  Can  Get  the  Coronavirus  From  a  Toilet  Seat  0	FDA  Begins  Planning  Sequel  to  COVID-19  1	The  new  case  in  managed  isolation  is  a  woman  in  her  50s  who  arrived  from  Islamabad  via  Dubai  on  August  7  and  has  been  moved  to  a  quarantine  facility  in  Auckland.The  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  is  1225  22  of  which  are  active.
0	Old  Martinelli  and  Whatsapp  Gold  hoaxes  surface  in  Belgium  in  wake  of  the  coronavirus  infodemic.
1	The  Access  to  Tools  (ACT)  Accelerator  aims  to  provide  equitable  access  to  tools  to  tackle  all  forms  of  disease  (from  asymptomatic  to  mild  and  severe  disease).  0	A  series  of  claims  including  that  the  COVID-19  pandemic  was  fake  and  5G  telecommunications  is  causing  the  illness.
0	New  vaccine  can  help  cure  coronavirus  in  three  hours.
0	A  declaration  by  the  director  of  the  Center  for  Coordination  of  Health  Alerts  and  Emergencies  of  Spain  about  tests  of  COVID-19  for  health  personnel.
0	NEWS!  Nobody  north  of  Watford  has  caught  Coronavirus  because  they're  too  hard  1	New  highlights  first  cases  of  COVID-19  in  U.S.  household  pets  which  occurred  in  two  pet  cats  in  NY.  Although  can  occasionally  spread  from  people  to  animals  there  is  no  evidence  that  animals  play  a  significant  role  in  spreading  COVID-19.  1	How  deadly  is  the  coronavirus  Scientists  are  close  to  an  answer  Infection  fatality  rate  explained  by  Robert  Verity  and  Timothy  Russell  1	Four  more  counties  in  south  Wales  will  go  into  lockdown  from  6pm  this  evening.  For  the  latest  on  restrictions  in  the  country  Welsh  First  Minister  joins  at  8:30am.  Sky  501  /  Freeview  233  Watch  live  0	Gov.  Gavin  Newsom  has  no  legal  authorityto  make  wearing  face  coverings  mandatory  in  California.
0	You  should  wear  the  colored  side  of  the  mask  on  the  outside  when  you  are  sick  and  the  white  side  on  the  outside  when  you  are  healthy.
1	Covid  Act  Now  found  on  average  each  person  in  Illinois  with  COVID-19  is  infecting  1.11  other  people.  Data  shows  that  the  infection  growth  rate  has  declined  over  time  this  factors  in  the  stay-at-home  order  and  other  restrictions  put  in  place.  1	One  of  the  previously  reported  cases  is  now  considered  to  have  recovered.  Our  total  number  of  active  cases  is  112.  Of  those  38  are  imported  cases  in  managed  isolation/quarantine  facilities  and  74  are  community  cases.
0	Pictures  of  people  stranded  on  hospital  beds  claimed  to  be  Italians  not  coping  with  the  pressures  of  COVID-19  cases;  India  should  learn  from  Italy's  mistakes  and  not  step  out  of  the  house  in  the  21-day  lockdown
0	_People  with  COVID-19  have  been  misdiagnosed  as  having  pneumonia  and  have  been  dying  of  thrombosis_
1	Older  adults  are  at  higher  risk  for  developing  more  serious  complications  from  illness?  There  are  steps  ho0	Latest:  California  fires,  camel  racing,  coronavirus  tribute;  The  World  in  Photos,  Sept.  28  0	Says  Dr.  Anthony  Fauci's  name  appears  on  4  U.S.  patents  for  a  key  glycoproteinused  to  create  the  current  COVID-19  epidemic.
the  image  shows  an  U.K.  National  Health  Service  (NHS)  infographic  claiming  COVID-19  does  not  exist
And  finally  a  reminder  that  we  update  throughout  the  day.  We  do  this  daily  commit  for  the  sake  of  seeing  longer  term  trends  in  the  data.  You  can  check  for  our  current  totals.  
Three  stories  to  read  this  evening:  UK  cases  hit  four-month  high  for  second  day  in  a  row  PM  urged  to  take  'blindingly  obvious'  COVID  action  Trump  tells  Senate  to  consider  his  Supreme  Court  pick  
as  Recovery  Rate  races  beyond  72%.  Total  recoveries  are  soon  to  cross  2  million.
86052  new  confirmed  cases  have  been  reported  in  the  last  24  hours  in  the  country.  75%  of  the  new  cases  are  found  to  be  concentrated  in  ten  states/UTs.  
Game  Cigars  have  been  discontinued  due  to  a  COVID-19  outbreak  at  a  factory  that  produces  them.
The  FTSE  100  and  the  pound  have  come  under  renewed  pressure  as  investors  eye  the  prospect  of  tougher  coronavirus  restrictions  returning  across  the  UK  and  much  of  Europe  
Joe  Biden  tested  positive  for  coronavirus.
One  thing  to  note  about  hospitalization  data:  New  Jersey  Illinois  and  California  are  all  including  different  sets  of  people  in  their  numbers.  We  are  reporting  the  lowernumbers  where  they  are  available  (as  in  CA  which  breaks  out  confirmed  and  suspected  COVID-19  cases).
BBC  to  screen  new  documentary  about  people  who  wont  stop  going  on  about  how  the  nasty  bug  they  had  for  a  few  days  back  in  February  was  probably  coronavirus  
More  testing  less  social  distancing  fewer  masks.  
Two  cases  are  household  contacts  of  previously  reported  cases  and  the  other  three  are  all  in  a  household  that  is  linked  to  an  existing  case.  Of  the  nine  cases  in  MIQ  facilities  five  are  in  Christchurch  three  are  in  Auckland  and  one  is  in  Wellington.
If  you  are  not  a  carrier  of  the  virus  surgery  masks  should  be  worn  inside  out.
has  confirmed  10  new  cases  of  in  Of  the  10  new  cases  3  are  in  the  Federal  Capital  Territory  and  7  are  in  Lagos  9  out  of  the  10  cases  have  travel  history  outside  Nigeria  in  the  last  one  week.  The  10th  case  is  a  close  contact  of  a  confirmed  case  
The  Global  market  is  anticipated  to  grow  at  a  of  around  7.50%  during  2020-25.    Check  the  full  report:-  
Urgent  broadscale  commitment  &amp;  investment  from  countries  isto  achieve  the  goal  of  COVAX  to  bring  the  pandemic  under  control  by  accelerating  the  development  &amp;  manufacture  of  vaccines  &amp;  to  guarantee  fair  &amp;  equitable  access  for  all  countries
There  are  several  working  behind  the  scenes  whose  roles  are  critical  to  the  response  Today  we  thank  our  colleagues-  cleaners  drivers  electricians  security  personnel  &amp;  all  the  people  working  quietly  but  very  hard  every  day  of  the  week  
In  Italy  the  cure  for  Coronavirus  is  finally  found.
Yesterday  our  laboratories  processed  4140  tests  for  COVID-19.  There  were  485  swabs  taken  in  managed  isolation  and  quarantine  facilities  yesterday.  The  total  number  of  tests  processed  to  date  is  now  477909.
Colchicine  used  to  treat  gout  and  rheumatic  disease  may  work  for  
California  had  seen  rising  case  counts  but  its  other  numbers  looked  solid%  positive  was  low  hospitalizations  were  not  growingbut  this  week  the  state  appears  to  be  turning.  
Even  if  countries  are  under  restrictions  due  to  people  with  must  continue  to  receive  their  medication.  Learn
Herman  Cain's  death  comes  4  weeks  after  being  hospitalized  with  
U.S.  House  Speaker  Nancy  Pelosi  was  in  Wuhan  China  six  days  after  the  impeachment  proceedings  against  President  Trump  ended.
Sir  Ganga  Ram  Hospital  has  directed  patients  to  stay  at  home  n  treat  Urself.  Implies  Delhi  Govt  has  miserably  failed  in  its  administrative  responsibility  of  providing  health  care  n  left  the  Delhites  to  their  fate.  Must  be  sacked  n  LG  take  the  charge.  U  agree?
The  measures  taken  in  a  community  to  reduce  the  risk  of  transmission  will  reduce  the  risk  in  schools  as  well.  In  some  countries  schools  have  reopened.  In  others  they  remain  closed-
WHO  backtracked  and  released  a  document  stating  masks  are  not  efficient  to  protect  healthy  people  against  COVID-19.
The  head  of  Test  and  Trace  has  said  she  doesn't  believe  "anybody  was  expecting  to  see  the  really  sizeable  increase  in  demand"  for  tests  
In  an  Aaj  Tak  news  report  the  Chinese  prime  minister  said  "Reading  Quran  and  offering  namaz  is  the  only  cure  for  COVID-19."
Our  models  estimate  that  has  a  high  positive  test  rate  and  an  infection  growth  rate  &gt;  1  meaning  each  person  with  COVID  infects  more  than  1  other  person.  Minnesota  has  an  elevated  risk  based  on  our  metrics.  Learn  more  at  
_A  claim  that  Indias  Ministry  of  Home  Affairs  has  made  it  a  punishable  offensefor  citizens  to  publish  posts  on  social  media  about  the  novel  coronavirus  has  been  shared  repeatedly  on  Facebook  Twitter  and  WhatsApp._
Were  excited  to  announce  complete  deployment  of  to  priority  health  facilities  774  LGAs  &amp;  36+1  states  enabling  digital  disease  surveillance  in  Nigeria.  Were  grateful  to  our  partners  &amp;  state  leadership  for  this  milestone  in  strengthening  national  health  security.  
Govt  has  totally  failed  to  manage  and  control  From  govt  we  can  only  expect  and  than  use  kits  and  N95  mask  made  in  China.  
In  order  to  combat  COVID-19,  we  need  both  a  decisive  public  health  response  and  a  decisive  economic  response.  Ive  laid  out  exactly  what  I  would  do  if  I  were  president  during  this  crisis,  take  a  look:  
3.  2000  tests  conducted  daily  in  Lagos  &amp;  1000  daily  in  the  FCT  by  end  of  week  4.  Isolate  patients  within  less  than  6  hours  after  confirmation  of  positive  results  5.  Ensure  isolation  of  each  confirmed  case  
BBC  is  a  reliable  news  source  but  this  image  was  doctored  to  make  it  look  like  the  British  outlet  reported  Ghislaine  Maxwell  is  in  intensive  care  for  COVID-19.  
The  Nations  Top  Germaphobe  Howie  Mandel  Says  He  Is  Literally  Going  Crazy  Regarding  COVID-19  
The  differences  of  IHME  and  Covid  Act  Now  projections  are  the  expected  result  of  different  approaches  to  modeling  the  early  and  incomplete  data  ..  As  more  is  learned  ..both  models  will  converge  on  the  correct  answer.Why  two  models  are  better  than  one:  
9-17-2020:  In  a  clinical  trial  just  released  today  from  Havana,  Cuba,  good  news  for  Cuba  and  China's  antiviral  injection,  Heberon  Alfa  R  (interferon  alfa-2b),  for  treating  early  COVID-19.  However,  the  control  group  was  much  sicker  
Today  ID  is  back  but  were  missing  hospitalization  updates  from  states  including  AL  AR  CT  IA  LA  MI  MO  MS  NH  OR  RI  SC  and  WY.  Some  due  to  the  new  HHS  directive  others  because  its  the  weekend.  We  will  keep  reporting  on  the  availability  of  this  data.
On  a  per  capita  basis  things  look  quite  different.  NY  still  dominates  but  Louisianadue  in  part  to  a  large  outbreakhas  tested  a  lot  of  people.  There  are  huge  disparities  in  testing  between  the  states  as  we've  often  noted.  
Remember  when  Trump  usurped  the  Vaccine  Industrial  Complex  several  months  beforethe  "pandemic"  appeared?  I  do.      Do  you  understand  yet  the  "new  technologies"  being  utilized  in  the  Covid  vaccine?  I  do.      Drain  The  Swamp.      
as  head  of  in  2005  publishes  this:    Chloroquine  is  a  potent  inhibitor  of  SARS  coronavirus  infection  and  spread    
A  claim  that  Sri  Lankan  students  were  flown  home  by  Pakistan  after  they  were  stranded  during  the  county's  COVID-19  lockdown  has  been  shared  on  Facebook  and  WhatsApp.
The  identification  on  Feb.  26  2020  of  a  patient  with  COVID-19  &amp;  no  travel  history  indicated  the  likelihood  of  community  spread.  Until  late  Feb.  incidence  was  too  low  to  be  detected  by  emergency  department  surveillance.  More  from  
Weve  had  more  than  20000  people  through  managed  isolation  facilities  with  no  evidence  of  any  spread  from  there  to  our  communities.
Sir  Ed  Davey  calls  for  the  government  to  apologise  for  "gross  incompetence  over  testing  over  tracing  over  clear  communications"  and  asks  what  the  plan  is  for  those  at  risk  of  losing  their  job.  The  PM  says  the  plan  is  to  "keep  the  economy  moving"  whilst  "suppressing  the  R"  
The  whole  reason  that  California  switched  from  people  tested  to  tests  performed  is  that  they  were  having  trouble  figuring  out  how  to  assign  tests  to  patients.  So  I  really  doubt  we'll  ever  see  those  numbers.  -
Have  questions  about  Check  out  In  addition  to  our  section  you  can  use  the  
Health  Ministry  issues  "Containment  and  Surveillance  Manual  for  Supervisors  in  containment  zones"  
In  the  midst  of  a  pandemic,  the  Trump  Administration  chose  to  expend  effort  to  attempt  to  disestablish  the  Mashpee  Wampanoag  Tribes  reservation.  and  with  all  of  Indian  Country.  
Dettol  and  Lysol  can  kill  coronavirus.
An  18  country  recommendation  for  managing  acute  ischemic  stroke  in  COVID-19.  
There  will  be  no  return  to  the  old  normalfor  the  foreseeable  future.  But  there  is  a  roadmap  to  a  situation  where  we  can  control  the  disease  and  get  on  with  our  lives-
Kazakhstanis  could  have  had  the  coronavirus  in  the  fall  or  winter  2019  but  due  to  the  lack  of  test  systems  at  that  time  the  disease  remained  undetected.
UNICEF  published  health  advice  on  COVID-19.
_Claim  that  there  have  been  tanks  in  the  capital  of  Latvia  Riga  "while  people  are  staying  home."_
University  of  Campinas'  field  hospital  located  in  the  state  of  So  Paulo  was  dismantled  because  of  a  lack  of  patients.
_Bill  Gates'  coronavirus  vaccine  developed  by  Oxford  researchers  caused  all  test  subjects  to  get  coronavirus._
We  also  need  a  nationwide  effort  to  validate  these  tests.  Spain  learned  that  tests  provided  by  Bioeasy  had  very  low  sensitivity  and  had  to  return  their  purchase.  
Schizophrenics  reach  out  to  themselves  
updates  India  maintains  trend  of  High  Recoveries  New  recoveries  have  exceeded  new  cases  for  5th  day  in  a  r
The  world  as  a  global  village  is  affected  by  the  pandemic  &amp;  is  not  spared.  Weve  entered  the  community  transmission  phase  over  70%  of  infected  people  cant  trace  their  source  of  infection.  We  urge  the  public  to  &amp;  stay  safe~  
OSD  to  Maharashtra  CM  Uddhav  Thackeray  breaks  down  during  a  press  meet  referring  to  the  pathetic  handling  of  COVID-19  by  the  government.  He  also  heads  the  medical  assistance  cell
The  case  is  a  man  is  his  30s  who  arrived  in  New  Zealand  on  June  21  from  Kenya  via  Doha  and  Brisbane.  He  has  been  staying  at  the  Novotel  Ellerslie  and  is  moving  to  the  Jet  Park  Hotel  today.  The  man  tested  positive  for  COVID-19  as  part  of  routine  testing  around  day  3  of  his  stay.
UPDATE  The  Lagos  State  Biosafety  Level-3  Laboratory  has  been  activated  for  testing  This  brings  the  number  of  COVID-19  testing  labs  in  Nigeria  to  9  In  progress-  Maiduguri  Kano  Sokoto  Port  Harcourt  Jos  &amp;  Kaduna  
Office  building  employers  building  owners  and  managers  and  building  operations  specialists  can  create  a  workplace  health  and  safety  plan  to  help  protect  workers  and  clients.  Learn  more:  
Recent  photo  from  farmer  protests  shows  a  policeman  pointing  a  gun  at  a  farmer.
A  Good  NewsFinally  an  INDIAN  student  from  PONDICHERRY  University,  named  RAMU  found  a  home  remedy  cure  for  Covid-19  which  is  for  the  very  first  time  accepted  by  WHO.  He  proved  that  by  adding  1  tablespoon  of  black  pepper  powder  to  2  table  spoons  of  honey  and  some  ginger  juice  for  consecutive  5  days  would  suppress  the  effects  of  corona.  And  eventually  go  away  100%.  Entire  world  is  starting  to  accept  this  remedy.  Finally  a  good  news  In  2020!!  PLEASE  CIRCULATE  THIS  INFORMATION  TO  ALL  YOUR  FAMILY  MEMBERS  AND  FRIENDS.
Facebook  and  Twitter  took  action  against  Trump  for  statement  that  children  are  almost  immunefrom  COVID-19.  The  platforms  said  he  violated  policies  on  misinformation.
The  flu  didn't  kill  any  Americans  this  year.
Chancellor  Angela  Merkel  knew  of  the  pandemic  since  2013;  the  virus  is  from  a  laboratory.
The  coronavirus  pandemic  can  be  dramatically  slowed,  or  stopped,  with  the  immediate  widespread  use  of  high  doses  of  vitamin  C.
Three  British  Muslim  doctors  died  within  days  of  each  other  from  the  coronavirus,  amid  reports  that  NHS  staff  are  being  denied  basic  protective  equipment      
Coronavirus:  Ministers  eye  extension  of  insolvency  measures  
Aung  San  Suu  Kyi  is  number  one  among  women  leader  in  combating  coronavirus.
The  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  in  the  country  is  1219.  No  one  is  receiving  hospital-level  care  for  Covid-19.  Yesterday  labs  processed  5020  tests  219  of  those  were  taken  in  managed  isolation.
Were  encouraged  to  see  a  large  number  of  countries  signing  up  to  the  COVAX  Facility.  But  we  face  some  daunting  challenges.  For  the  ACT  Accelerator  to  work  as  planned  it  must  be  funded.  So  far  $3  billion  has  been  invested-
The  NewsThump  guide  to  places  you  can  visit  during  the  national  lockdown  
Galicia  suspended  classes  because  of  coronavirus  on  3/10/20.
The  battle  against  coronavirus  is  not  over  Matt  Hancock  says  the  number  of  patients  in  mechanical  ventilator  bed  has  risen  above  100  for  the  first  time  since  July  and  calls  for  the  country  to  "come  together  against  this  common  foe"  Read  more  here:  
Have  you  seen  the  hashtag  It  pertains  to  rumours  that  UK  PM  never  had  Well  it  should  come  as  no  surprise  that  it's  been  debunked  by  fact  checkers.  Here's  the  most  recent  issue  of  our  CoronaCheck  newsletter:  
At  John  Lewis  funeral  Obama  told  a  room  full  of  people  that  rooms  full  of  people  is  too  dangerous  so  we  must  mail  in  vote.
India's  recovery  rate  improves  to  77.65%  as  on  September  11  2020  Steady  improvement  in  India's  COVID-19  recovery  rate  since  initiation  on  March  25  2020  Via  
Contact  tracing  slows  the  spread  of  See  these  answers  to  Frequently  Asked  Questions  about  contact  tracing:  
The  pandemic  threatens  to  unwind  the  gains  we  have  made.  The  impact  of  the  pandemic  on  services  has  been  severe.  Data  collated  by  WHO  from  over  200  countries  show  sharp  drops  in  TB  notifications-
Says  President  Barack  Obama  waited  six  months  to  call  swine  flu  an  emergency  after  thousands  died.
There  is  an  exponential  increase  in  the  daily  testing  in  the  country.  Over  11.7  lakh  (1172179)  tests  were  done  in  the  last  24  hours:  Secretary  
Audio  clips  from  a  doctor  who  works  for  Argentina's  most  important  lab  testing  for  coronavirus.
REACT  study  finds  that  the  prevalence  of  SARS-CoV-2  in  England  is  increasing.  
NEWS!  Brexit  Partys  official  line  on  Coronavirus  is  rubber  up  and  dont  order  mussels
Indian  governments  Ministry  of  AYUSH  asked  Patanjali  Ayurved  to  stop  advertising  that  its  found  the  cure  for  Coronavirus  until  further  examination.  Tennis  world  champion  Novak  Djokovic  tests  positive  for  COVID-19  after  taking  part  in  Adria  Tour.  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  States  reported  720k  tests  31k  cases  and  287  COVID-19  deaths.  
Current  understanding  is  spreads  mostly  from  person  to  person  through  respiratory  droplets  produced  when  a  person  coughs  or  sneezes  similar  to  how  flu  spreads.  Learn  more  at  
Caring  for  someone  with  Prevent  your  own  illness  by  practicing  everyday  preventive  actions.  Clean  hands  often  avoid  touching  your  face  with  unwashed  hands  limit  contact  with  anyone  who  is  sick  &amp;  frequently  clean  and  disinfect  surfaces.  More:  
With  support  from  &amp;  the  IPC  Working  Group  has  trained  over  3000  healthcare  workers  in  4  months  on  public  health  safety  measures  Weve  developed  guidance  on  proper  use  of  face  masks  PPE  &amp;  environmental  decontamination  
July  is  National  Awareness  Month.  Protect  your  mental  and  emotional  health  during  Learn  healthy  ways  to  cope  with  stress  like  exercising.  Get  tips  and  resources  from  CDC:  
for  cure..  Review  of  Lab  Surveillance  Data  indicated  that  after  initial  positive  results  cases  became  negative  after  a  median  duration  of  10  days.  Recent  studies  also  suggested  that  viral  load  peaks  in  the  pre-symptomatic  period  (2  days  before)..  (2/4)
kalonji  has  100  per  cent  hydroxychloroquine,  and  hence,  is  effective  in  treating  a  coronavirus  infection
The  has  lumped  Ineffective  chlorine  bleach  with  Chlorine  dioxide  "clo2"  in  killing  Hypochlorite  &amp;  peroxide  make  bleach  .  Chlorine  dioxide  is  1  molecule  sodium  Chlorite  and  two  molecules  oxygen  to  make  Chlorine  Dioxide  aka  28%  MMS  clo2  .  
JOE  EXOTIC  TESTS  POSITIVE  FOR  CORONAVIRUS  IN  PRISON
A  video  shows  the  new  hospital  set  up  in  China  for  coronavirus  patients.
The  number  of  patients  currently  hospitalized  with  COVID-19  has  fallen  35%  from  the  peak  on  July  24.  
People  in  Wuhan  are  locked  inside  their  houses  trying  to  escape  a  building  fire.
The  reason  the  U.S.  documented  the  most  COVID-19  cases  in  the  world  in  2020  was  because  it  had  tested  more  residents  at  a  faster  rate  than  any  other  country.
_A  claim  that  the  novel  coronavirus  was  never  detected  in  the  major  Chinese  cities  of  Beijing  and  Shanghai  has  been  shared  repeatedly  on  Facebook  Twitter  and  Instagram._
Government  and  media  hides  death  and  coffins  in  a  parking  lot  in  Spain.
Cities  large  and  dense  by  definition  do  not  inevitably  support  explosive  viral  transmission;  rather  a  myriad  of  other  factors  create  the  hotspots.  Check  in  how  your  community  is  doing:  
As  of  July  28  the  cumulative  number  of  cases  reported  in  the  U.S.  surpassed  4  million.  Wear  a  mask  when  around  people  who  dont  live  in  your  household.  Stay  6  feet  away  from  others  &amp;  wash  your  hands  often.  See  more  data:  
With  cases  now  doubling  every  seven  to  eight  days  the  government  is  looking  at  introducing  nationwide  restrictions  for  a  short  period  to  try  to  "short-circuit"  the  virus  and  slow  the  spread  of  the  disease  Read  the  latest  here  
The  NZ  COVID  Tracer  app  has  now  recorded  405000  registrations  an  increase  of  25000  from  yesterday.  15500  QR  posters  that  have  been  displayed  businesses  that  represents  about  1/4  of  active  businesses  people  would  likely  visit  like  retail  or  hospitality  venues
Indian  Prime  Minister  Modi  announced  an  internet  ban  due  to  the  spread  of  misinformation  regarding  COVID-19.
hey  OZ,...my  daughter  just  caught  covid-19,..guess  what,..i  cured  her  with  my  homemade  Colloidal  Silver  at  22,000  ppm  along  with  vitamin  C  and  Zinc  100  mg,....put  that  in  your  pipe  and  smoke  it,...plus  ive  cured  three  others  using  my  solution,....
Continue  to  use  preventive  actions  like  washing  your  hands  and  wearing  a  mask  while  you  clean  up  or  when  returning  home  after  Hurricane  
NEWS!  Viral  10  Album  Challengepandemic  traced  back  to  record  shop  in  Wuhan  market  
Initial  data  has  shown  that  adults  over  65  years  old  and  those  with  certain  comorbidities  are  at  the  highest  risk  of  dying  from  
Protesters  should  wear  a  mask  over  their  mouth  and  nose  to  reduce  the  risk  of  transmitting  the  virus.  Theres  probably  evidencethough  that  evidence  is  weakthat  masking  protects  me  but  theres  more  evidence  that  masking  protects  youShrime  said.
As  the  Corona  virus  is  real  and  afffecting  people  I  have  personally  seen  business  the  have  been  around  for  decades  disappear.  What  more  can  we  do  with  this  shut  down?  Wait  until  everyone  is  out  of  business?  We  need  to  open  up,  our  lives  depend  on  it.
Israel  is  at  the  forefront  of  the  world  in  the  number  of  tests  for  COVID-19.
Different  lockdown  rules  are  in  place  across  the  country  with  curfews  for  some  and  limits  on  household  gatherings  for  others.  Click  below  to  find  out  what  restrictions  are  in  place  in  your  area  
Paul  Manafort  released  from  prison  to  home  confinement  amid  coronavirus  concerns  
Sometimes  its  not  a  lack  of  resources  that  may  lead  to  inefficiency  but  inability  to  connect  the  dots.  To  measure  efficiency  in  testing  we  set  a  target  to  test  2000  samples  per  day  in  Lagos  &amp;  1000  per  day  in  Abuja~  on  
Coronavirus:  People  co-infected  with  flu  and  COVID-19  have  'far  greater  risk  of  death'  
France  has  recorded  10569  new  infections  in  the  past  24  hours.  The  country  has  also  reported  a  further  311  deaths  bringing  its  total  number  of  fatalities  to  31585.  For  the  latest  updates  click  below  
Over  the  next  week  even  if  you  dont  have  symptoms  please  have  a  test  if  youre  in  South  or  West  Auckland  or  if  you  have  a  greater  health  risk  if  you  were  to  get  COVID-19.  Tests  are  free  and  there  are  more  than  1100  testing  sites  nationwide:  
Assassination  of  the  Tunisian  doctor  Mahmoud  Bazarti  after  his  announcement  of  finding  a  successful  vaccine  for  COVID-19  in  Germany.
Reese  Witherspoons  Julia  RobertsAnd  Mila  KunisMarriages  Suffering  Under  Coronavirus  Quarantine?  
President  Trump  Says  He  Will  Be  Signing  An  Executive  Order  Changing  The  Name  of  the  Coronavirus  
Govt  clarifies  that  Pradhan  Mantri  Suraksha  Bima  Yojana  (doesn't  cover  related  deaths.    PIB  said  Pradhan  Mantri  Jeevan  Jyoti  Bima  Yojana  (PMJJBY)  covers  deaths  with  certain  conditions.  
FDA  eases  restrictions  on  gay  blood  donors  unless  theyre  hot    
Facebook  users  claim  that  a  video  shows  French  doctors  throwing  their  coats  on  the  floor  to  protest  against  the  "corona  fraud"
Coronavirus  has  made  tackling  obesity  more  urgent  than  ever.  
The  science  is  clear."  Meharrys  Dr.  James  Hildreth  says  despite  CDC  backtrack,  COVID-19  is  airborne
Be  ready  for  this  wave  because  it  will  arrive.  A  doctor  from  Spain  has  warned  the  UK  public  to  wear  masks  as  he  says  a  second  wave  of  is  on  its  way.  To  read  more  click  here:  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  States  reported  636k  tests  245k  less  than  last  Thursday.  Today's  case  count  is  43k  and  the  death  toll  is  1117.  
BCCI  officially  suspends  IPL  2020  indefinitely  in  the  wake  of  Coronavirus  pandemic.
Video  shows  Chinese  cops  arresting  Coronavirus  patients.
CDC's  new  guidance  for  programs  affected  by  discusses  home  specimen  collection  kits  for  and  testi
Questions  about  your  pets  health  during  the  pandemic?  Talk  to  your  veterinarian  if  you  have  concerns.  We  are  still  learning  about  this  virus  and  how  it  can  affect  animals.  Learn  more  about  pets  and  
High  streets  across  England  are  set  to  benefit  from  a  95  million  government-funded  scheme  to  help  them  recover  from  the  impact  of  Chief  Executive  of  Historic  England  Duncan  Wilson  0940  Channel  501  Watch  live:  
A  video  purportedly  showing  COVID-19  victims  in  body  bags  strewn  across  the  floor  of  a  New  York  hospital  was  shared  several  thousand  times  in  multiple  languages  on  social  media.
Also  see  this  thread  from  Harvard  epidemiologist  There  is  so  much  uncertainty.  
Since  the  onset  of  weve  trained  over  15000  health  workers  on  infection  prevention  &amp;  control  (IPC).  Weve  developed  an  online  course  on  IPC  to  reduce  risk  of  transmission  in  health  care  settings~at  
China  is  seeking  courts  approval  to  kill  20000  people  positive  with  coronavirus
USMLE  backs  off  unpopular  plan  for  shorter  testing.  
3  people  are  currently  in  hospital  one  each  in  Auckland  City  Middlemore  and  North  Shore  Hospitals  none  are  in  ICU.  There  are  still  16  significant  clusters  3  of  these  clusters  are  closed.  We  are  still  in  Level  3  we  need  to  keep  working  and  learning  from  home.
Quotes  Joe  Biden  as  saying  people  who  have  never  died  before  are  now  dying  from  coronavirus.
Local  lockdown  measures  are  to  be  imposed  in  the  Welsh  county  of  Rhondda  Cynon  Taf  after  a  rise  in  coronavirus  cases  
Vaccine  nationalisminvites  the  same  problems  that  were  seen  at  the  outset  of  lockdowns  in  March  when  different  authoritie
Says  COVID-19  remains  in  the  air  for  eight  hours  and  that  everyone  is  now  required  to  wear  masks  everywhere.
Text  claims  that  half  of  the  members  of  the  ruling  party  in  North  Macedonia  (SDSM)  became  infected  with  COVID-19  getting  it  from  the  Vice  President  of  the  party  Muhamed  Zekiri  and  that  the  party  is  becoming  a  new  COVID-19  cluster.
We  have  covered  a  few  of  these  in  our  daily  fact  checks.  Here  are  some  more  ridiculous  conspiracies/fake  news  regarding  the  Coronavirus.  
American  scientist  Judy  Mykowitz  exposes  facts  about  the  US  administration  regarding  coronavirus  and  accuses  the  US  military  of  fabricating  it  in  conjunction  with  the  Wuhan  Chinese  laboratory.
Video  shows  muslim  women  spitting  in  plastic  bags  and  throwing  them  into  the  houses  to  spread  coronavirus.
A  news  story  by  Italian  TV  RAI  proves  coronavirus  was  created  in  lab  by  Chinese  government.
And  of  course  there  are  socioeconomic  factors  that  add  another  dimension  to  these  analyses.  The  first  step  though  is  just  having  the  data  available  so  that  community  leaders  and  health  officials  can  pinpoint  local  needs.
Launched  Indias  first  mobile  lab  for  testing  to  promote  last-mile  testing  access  in  rural  &amp;  inaccessible  area
The  winner  of  this  debate  shall  be  he  who  can  swallow  this  vial  of  COVID-19...and  survivewhispers  grinning  Lester  Holt  
According  to  the  "Plandemic"  documentary  "the  flu  shots  contain  coronavirus".
Skin  Rashes  A  Symptom  of  COVID-19
This  is  what  Bill  Gates  and  George  Soros  want  to  dosecretly  stick  you  with  a  chip  while  testing  you  for  the  coronavirus...  the  Dems  have  a  bill  on  the  House  floor  ready  to  vote  on  it  to  require  this.
Transport  Sec  Grant  Shapps  says  the  UK  is  at  "a  critical  moment"  in  controlling  the  spread  of  and  adds  'it  is  clear  we  are  just  a  few  weeks  behind  what  we  are  seeing  in  Europe'.  Read  more:  
For  every  data  point  there  is  a  human  story.  And  for  every  story  there  are  many  unsung  heroes  that  we  never  hear  aboutsays  Guillermo  MemoSanchez  a  CDC  and  responder.  Read  his  story:  
ICYMI:  USS  Bonhomme  Richard  boasts  zero  COVID-19  cases  
A  mental  health  crisis  can  emerge  from  this  pandemic.  There  are  public  health  and  policy  measures  that  can  help  -  do  some  research  so  that  youre  knowledgeable  not  only  for  friends  and  family  but  for  yourself  if  you  find  yourself  feeling  symptoms.  
Louisiana  has  posted  record  case  counts  back-to-back  after  not  reporting  on  Saturday.  One  positive  thread:  compare  the  hospitalizations  to  cases  charts  and  it's  clear  we're  diagnosing  more  infections.  On  4/2  LA's  first  peak  they  did  5300  tests.  Today  33620.  
India  newborn  twins  named  Corona  and  Covid  after  virus
Rivers  in  Oklahoma  are  full  of  catfish  carrying  the  virus.
Coronavirus:  UK  cases  hit  four-month  high  for  second  day  in  a  row  
Man  seen  in  viral  images  was  a  COVID-19  patient  who  fell  in  love  with  his  lady  doctor.  The  two  got  engaged  in  the  same  hospital  in  Egypt.
has  advised  140  tests  per  day  per  million  population.  With  focussed  Centre  led  efforts  and  effective  implementation  by  States/UTs  34  of  them  have  exceeded  this  requirement.  
They  have  maked  progress  ,  in  early  covid19  they  treated  with  dung  and  urine.  Now  they  are  inventing  more  procedures,  Modi  is  all  set  to  go  
Recovery  of  more  than  15  lakh  has  been  made  possible  because  of  the  policy  of  TESTING  aggressively  TRACKING  comprehensively  &amp;  TREATING  efficiently.  Better  ambulance  services  focus  on  Standard  of  Care  &amp;  use  of  non-invasive  oxygen  have  given  desired  results.
The  City  Where  Coronavirus  Cannot  Penetrate  
Children  are  not  immune  to  the  
On  a  steep  rising  curve  Indias  Recovery  Rate  touches  78%.  60%  of  Total  Active  Cases  in  5  Most  Affected  States.They  are  also  reporting  60%  of  total  recovered  cases.  
The  4pm  update  is  now  locked  in.  We  show:  41552  total  people  tested  4019  positive  35840  negative  1691  pending  Reminder  we  can't  track  every  negative  test  so  be  very  careful  trying  to  calculate  positive  test  rates.  Make  sure  you  read  the  notes:  
Our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  to  1184  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  World  Health  Organization.
COVID  test  results  that  come  a  week  (or  more)  later  are  "useless."  
A  video  of  a  coronavirus  suspect  found  in  Hazipur  (Bihar  India)  prison.
This  is  how  scientists  believe  affects  the  body.  
An  intriguing  study  links  COVID-related  depression  to  changes  in  the  CNS.  It's  this  week's  clinical  trend.  
Nine  cases  previously  announced  as  discharged  cases  were  reported  in  error.  Therefore  there  are  417  cases  that  have  been  discharged  One  case  reported  in  Nasarawa  was  a  repeat  test.  The  state  has  a  total  of  11  confirmed  cases  
States  reported  1353  new  deaths  today.  The  7-day  average  remains  under  1000.  New  York  is  an  ever-smaller  percentage  of  the  daily  total.  
Many  of  the  49  instances  have  to  do  with  mask  orders  shutdowns  and  distancing.  
As  at  today  a  total  of  323  confirmed  cases  of  has  been  recorded  and  unfortunately  10  deaths.  We  continue  to  intensify  our  contact  tracing  efforts.  92%  of  the  contacts  of  confirmed  cases  have  been  identifiedon  
News:  Study  identifies  potential  approach  to  treat  severe  respiratory  distress  in  patients  with  COVID-19  
As  of  the  last  24  hours  this  is  the  protocol  regarding  masks:  Masks    should  only  be  used  by  healthcare  workers,  caretakers  or  by  people  who    are  sick  with  symptoms  like  fever  and  cough.
Didn't  get  a  chance  to  tune  in  to  our  discussion  with  yesterday?  You  can  watch  the  full  Q&amp;A  on  COVID-19  with  PolitiFact  Editor  and  here.  
Self-medicate  COVID-19  using  a  home  remedy  with  aspirin  lemon  and  honey.
Boris  Johnson  to  appear  before  top  committee  of  MPs  today  -  as  hospital  urges  people  with  symptoms  not  to  go  to  A&amp;E  after  100  turn  up  requesting  a  test.  Follow  live  updates  
Snap  analysis  of  this:  it  is  a  relief  that  California  has  tested  ~40000  more  people  than  we  knew  until  an  hour  ago.  That  said  it's  a  huge  state  and  we  don't  know  how  many  of  those  tests  are  still  pending  (based  on  CA's  previous  reporting  it  could  be  a  lot).
Thanks  Ben!  we're  at  Alert  Level  2  at  the  moment  so  most  New  Zealanders  will  have  returned  to  some  form  of  normal.  Cabinet  meets  tomorrow  to  decide  on  when  we  move  to  Alert  Level  1.
Drinking  water  boiled  with  turmeric  powder,  ginger,  carom  seeds  and  coriander  seeds  can  cure  COVID-19.
Wuhan  Now  Surrounded  By  Wall  
Text  claims  that  a  family  of  four  from  North  Macedonia  should  pay  680  euros  for  coronavirus  tests  if  they  want  to  travel  to  Greece.
Arizona  California  Florida  and  Texas  are  still  at  the  center  of  the  current  surge  of  new  cases.  Hospitalization  for  AZ  CA  and  TX  all  climbing.  We  expect  Florida's  data  has  a  similar  shape.  
The  second  case  is  a  woman  in  her  40s  who  arrived  in  New  Zealand  on  August  1  from  the  Philippines  via  Hong  Kong.  She  has  been  in  managed  isolation  at  the  Grand  Millennium  in  Auckland  and  tested  positive  around  day  3  of  her  stay.
The  underlying  cause  of  death  is  the  condition  that  began  the  chain  of  events  that  ultimately  led  to  the  persons  death  one  expert  said.  "In  92%  of  all  deaths  that  mention  COVID-19  COVID-19  is  listed  as  the  underlying  cause  of  death."  
NEW:  A  popular  Facebook  post  erroneously  cites  a  list  of  medical  exports  as  evidence  that  COVID-19  tests  existed  prior  to  the  pandemic.  They  didn't.  
Kabataan  Representative  in  the  Philippines  Sarah  Elago  tested  positive  for  coronavirus.
Thirty-five  new  cases  of  have  been  reported  as  follows:  19  in  Lagos  9  in  FCT  5  in  Kano  2  in  Oyo  As  at  10:20  pm  16th  April  there  are  442  confirmed  cases  of  reported  in  Nigeria.  152  have  been  discharged  with  13  deaths  
Travel  will  be  allowed  again.  Go  and  see  your  mum  but  dont  turn  it  into  a  big  family  reunion  when  you  get  there.  For  now  we  are  in  Level  3  for  just  two  more  days  when  we  wake  up  on  Thursday  remember:  Play  it  safe  and  protect  the  wall  of  defence  we  have  created.
If  Mississippi  continues  to  hospitals  should  not  become  overloaded.  However  if  distancing  is  relaxed  there  is  a  potential  for  over  29k  hospitalizations  -  overwhelming  the  system  by  May  5th.  Learn  more  at  
Increasing  gap  between  Recovered  &amp;  Active  cases  of  India  (May  04  2020  to  September  13  2020)
Viral  video  of  Zee  News  staff  member  assaulting  doctor  refusing  to  get  tested.  Can  we  share  this  like  a  few  thousand  times  before  checking  for  authenticity  like  news  channels  do.
CDC  Partners  with  Bayer  AG  to  Disinfect  the  Woods  
The  San  Marcos  2020  National  Fair  in  Aguascalientes  Mexico  was  canceled  by  the  new  coronavirus.
As  of  9  Aug  2020  (till  10AM)  1480884  cases  have  recovered  across  India  
Best  Practices:  Uttar  Pradesh  establishes  Integrated  COVID  Control  &amp;  Command  Centre  and  a  Unified  State  COVID  Portal  
Politically  Correct  Woman  Reluctantly  Admits  that  Left  Kind  of  Sucks  Right  Now  
No  other  country  is  having  a  second  wave  of  COVID-19  because  they  are  not  trying  to  unseat  a  President  in  November.
Video  showing  how  Germans  are  converting  to  Islam  in  large  numbers.
With  todays  two  new  cases  and  eight  additional  recovered  cases  our  total  number  of  active  cases  is  108.  Of  those  38  are  imported  cases  in  MIQ  facilities  and  70  are  community  cases.
Our  hospitalization  data  became  very  solid  with  the  inclusion  of  Floridas  numbers  on  July  10.  Then  came  the  new  HHS  guidelines.  Since  then  some  individual  states'  numbers  have  become  more  erratic.  See  for  example  Alabama  today.  
Health  Ministry  engages  with  16  dist.  from  4  States  reporting  higher  Mortality.  
Mother  infected  with  COVID-19  should  follow  hygiene  practices  related  to  COVID-19  before  and  while  breastfeeding  her  baby  to  keep  the  baby  safe  and  healthy.  
UV  rays  and  sunlight  can  kill  the  coronavirus
Has  your  cat  got  coronavirus  or  is  it  just  an  arsehole?  
Twitter  took  down  a  proUnited  Arab  Emirates  network  of  accounts  that  was  pushing  propaganda  about  the  coronavirus"
States  have  now  reported  more  than  20  million  tests  457k  new  ones  today.  For  full  details  see:  
COVID-19  Update  There  are  nine  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  New  Zealand  today  eight  confirmed  cases  and  one  probable  case.  The  total  number  of  active  cases  in  New  Zealand  is  123  of  which  19  are  imported  cases  from  managed  isolation  facilities.  
Due  to  COVID-19  restrictions,  the  United  Kingdom  is  forbidding  "non-established"  relationships.
Apple  and  Google  have  teamed  up  to  create  a  system  that  notifies  cellphone  users  when  theyve  been  exposed  to  a  COVID-19  patient.  But  you  must  opt  in  to  the  feature.  
Japanese  Nobel  laureate  Tasuku  Honjo  who  worked  in  Wuhan  for  four  years  claimed  that  SARS-CoV-2  was  human-made.
A  wall  will  not  stop  the  coronavirus.    Banning  all  travel  from  Europe  or  any  other  part  of  the  world  will  not  stop  it.    This  disease  could  impact  every  nation  and  any  person  on  the  planet  and  we  need  a  plan  to  combat  it.
_A  message  asking  people  to  not  get  out  of  their  homes  tonight  from  10pm  to  next  day  5am  because  the  government  has  made  arrangements  to  spray  medicine  in  the  air  in  order  to  kill  the  novel  coronavirus._
WHO  Says  Coronavirus  is  Acceleratingas  CDC  Predicts  Up  to  145000  U.S.  Deaths  by  July  11  
Three  new  cases  of  have  been  confirmed  in  As  at  06:45am  on  the  22nd  of  March  there  are  25  confirmed  cases  of  recorded  in  Nigeria  Of  the  25  confirmed  cases  2  have  been  discharged  with  no  death  
In  the  Philippines  Kabataan  Partylist  representative  Sarah  Elago  is  shown  in  a  quote  card  saying  the  lockdown  amid  the  COVID-19  pandemic  is  a  human  rights  violation.
BREAKING:  Former  presidential  candidate  Herman  Cain  dies  of  COVID-19  
Bill  Gates  predicted  and  simulated  the  COVID-19  pandemic.
Not  only  but  also  all  covid  patient  get  well  soon....  Or  eshe  bhi  rishte  wo  corona  k  baap  lgte  h.  .  God  bless  all  everything  gonna  be  fine  soon.  
Roberto  Gazolla  a  COVID-19  reference  hospital  in  Rio  de  Janeiro  Brazil  is  empty.  Photos  "prove"  there  was  no  one  at  the  areas  open  to  the  public  like  the  entrance  hall.
You're  onto  us  Robert.  And  yes.  Now  if  only  we  can  get  the  last  holdout  states  to  start  reporting  negatives  and  then  FOIA  the  historical  data  we'll  complete  the  data  set.  (We  hope.)
Spanish  Education  minister  Isabel  Celawore  purple  latex  gloves  on  a  Women's  Day  demonstration  because  she  was  afraid  of  the  coronavirus.
India  has  significantly  ramped  up  its  diagnostic  lab  network.  Higher  number  of  tests  will  push  the  positivity  rate  initially  but  as  the  Delhi  experience  has  amply  shown  will  eventually  lower  when  combined  with  other  measures.  
COVID-19  stay-at-home  orders  second  only  to  slavery  on  civil  liberties  intrusions?  AG  William  Barr  gets  it  wrong:  
The  Newly  Developed  Coronavirus  Whistling  Test  Works  Like  A  Charm  
India  scales  a  new  peak  of  5  cr  total  tests.  Tests  Per  Million  on  a  continuous  rise  pegged  at  36703  today.  
Indian  politician  Uddhav  Thackeray  has  asked  Christians  to  pray  to  Jesus  to  stop  COVID-19.
386791  samples  have  been  tested  so  far  37  173  samples  have  been  tested  yesterday:  
Latest  updates  from  Ministry  of  Health:  There  are  no  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  New  Zealand.  This  is  the  11th  consecutive  day  of  no  new  cases.  Our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  remains  at  1154  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  World  Health  Organization.  
Prime  Minister  to  chair  a  high  level  virtual  meeting  with  the  Chief  Ministers  and  Health  Ministers  of  seven  
On  a  steady  march  India  conducts  record  high  of  more  than  9  lakh  tests  in  a  single  day.  Tests  Per  Million  (TPM)  continue  to  rise  23668  today.  26  States/UTs  have  positivity  rate  less  than  national  average.  
Crime  and  Policing  Minister  says  there  are  "bound  to  be  teething  issues"  with  the  UK's  COVID-19  testing  capacity  and  that  processing  is  an  issue.  
64  higher  income  economies  have  now  joined  the  COVAX  Facility  a  global  initiative  bringing  together  governments  and  manufacturers  to  ensure  eventual  vaccines  reach  those  in  greatest  need  whoever  they  are  and  wherever  they  live  
Mothers  should  be  counselled  that  the  many  many  benefits  of  for  newborn  babies  and  children  substantially  outweigh  the  potential  risks  for  infection-
COVID-19  Update  There  are  7  new  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  the  community.  In  total  we  have  56  active  cases  -  37  are  from  the  community  outbreak  and  19  are  imported  cases  in  managed  isolation/quarantine.
A  more  pointed  analysis  in  first  paragraph  "Hydroxychloroquine,  the  anti-malarial  drug  Donald  Trump  is  taking  to  prevent  Covid-19,  has  been  linked  to  increased  deaths  in  patients  treated  with  it  in  hospitals  around  the  world,  a  study  has  shown."  
As  with  yesterday's  significant  increase  in  total  tests  this  223K  bump  isn't  driven  by  a  single  state  reporting  out  a  big  backlogit  looks  like  a  solid  increase  across  multiple  states.
China  president  xi  jinping  visited  masjid  and  request  Muslims  for  dua  in  present  crisis  country  going  through.we  need  your  help.
Florida  Gov.  Ron  DeSantis  said  schoolchildren  arent  vectorsfor  COVID-19.  U.S.  schools  have  been  closed  and  the  comparisons  to  Europe  may  not  work  in  Florida  where  we  have  a  high  rate  of  cases.  
Tuberculosis  (TB)  has  a  higher  death  rate  than  coronavirus.
All  this  dont  really  matter  if  u  havent  isolated  Covid  19  yet  or  havent  revealed  who  patient  zero  is  yet
Sinn  Fin  Have  Coronavirus,  Pass  It  On  Varadkar  Tells  Media  
In  May  we  did  not  break  30k  cases  in  a  day.  Today  the  South  alone  reported  32830.  
or  TRUMP:  "The  germ  has  gotten  so  brilliant  that  the  antibiotic  can't  keep  up  with  it  ...  there's  a  whole  genius  to  it  ...  not  only  is  it  hidden,  but  it's  very  smart."  
Twofold  increase  in  mortality  among  coronavirus  patients  with  
The  hypochondriacs  guide  to  convincing  yourself  youve  got  COVID-19  
As  schools  businesses  and  community  organizations  begin  to  resume  operations  during  protect  yourself  and  others  when  using  public  transportation.  Keep  6  feet  between  yourself  &amp;  others  when  possible  and  wear  a  cloth  face  covering.  Find  more  tips:  
Video  from  Manori  village  people  protest  against  corona  false  cases.
Looking  at  2019  Census  estimates  the  demographic  picture  in  South  Dakota  has  become  a  bit  more  diverse  but  the  larger  point  stands.  
States  and  territories  reported  ~24k  new  casesand  the  positive  rate  ticked  up  to  ~7%.  
A  message  claiming  that  posting  anything  related  to  coronavirus  on  social  media  has  been  declared  a  punishable  offence  has  been  doing  rounds  on  various  messaging  apps.
As  NY  continues  to  fight  the  pandemic,  we  want  to  make  sure  NYers  still  struggling  financially  will  not  be  forced  from  their  homes  as  a  result  of  COVID,Cuomo  said.  When  snow's  on  the  ground  ok  to  evict?  0	20  million  Chinese  convert  to  Islam  after  coronavirus.
1	Researchers  warned  of  a  ticking  coronavirus  time  bomb  in  2007.  via  1	FDA  chief  rejects  the  presidents  implication  that  the  agency  is  delaying  a  vaccine.  0	Masks  can  be  effective  in  stopping  the  spread  of  but  they're  no  magic  ingredient.  Here's  what  the  experts  say:  1	Acc  the  possibility  of  airborne  transmission  in  public  settings  -  especially  in  very  specific  conditions  crowded  closed  poorly  ventilated  settings  cannot  be  ruled  out  However  the  evidence  needs  to  be  gathered  &amp;  interpreted.
1	1136  deaths  have  been  logged  in  the  past  24  hours.  Of  the  new  deaths  nearly  53%  are  concentrated  in  three  States  of  Maharashtra  Karnataka  and  Uttar  Pradesh.  These  are  followed  by  Tamil  Nadu  Punjab  and  Andhra  Pradesh.  Details  :  0	Temperature,  humidity  could  affect  transmission  rate  of  Covid-19
1	453  new  cases  of  FCT-75  Lagos-71  Benue-53  Delta-39  Borno-30  Enugu-25  Plateau-24  Osun-20  Abia-19  Oyo-17  Kaduna-16  Kano-13  Ebonyi-13  Ogun-9  Kwara-7  Ondo-6  Gombe-3  Ekiti-2  Akwa  Ibom-1  Rivers-1  46140  confirmed  33044  discharged  942  deaths  1	India  Tracker  (As  on  25  August  2020  08:00  AM)  Confirmed  cases:  3167323  Recovered:  2404585  (75.9%)Active  cases:  704348  (22.2%)  Deaths:  58390  (1.8%)  Via  1	Centre  directs  13  dist.  from  8  States  to  focus  all  efforts  to  reduce  mortality.  1	The  UK  faces  a  tipping  point  where  more  restrictive  measures  could  be  brought  in  to  slow  the  spread  of  Health  Secretary  has  told  Sky  News.  To  read  more  click  here:  0	Homeopathic  drug  Arsenicum  album  30for  prevention  of  Coronavirus  infection.  The  message  claims  that  the  Ayush  Ministry  of  India  has  suggested  taking  the  Arsenicum  Album-30  homeopathic  medicine  for  three  days  to  avoid  infecting  the  coronavirus.
0	BidenSoetoro  funneled  illegal  $millions  through  Faucci's  NIH  into  China's  Wuhan  Institute  of  Viralogy's  coronavirus  bioweapon  program  which  congress  expressly  prohibited  BidenSooetoro  from  working  on.  BidenSoetoro,  CCP&amp;  associates  caused  this  present  Covid  bioweapon  disaster.
1	has  a  low  percentage  (2.3%)  of  positive  COVID  tests  which  suggests  enough  widespread  aggressive  testing  in  New  Hampshire  to  detect  most  new  cases.  Identifying  and  isolating  new  cases  can  help  contain  COVID  without  resorting  to  lockdowns.  (3/5)  0	We  also  cover  the  latest  on  vaccines  developed  in  China,  including  Sinovac's  CoronaVac,  Cansino's  Ad5-nCoV,  the  Unnamed  Inactive  Vaccine  from  Wuhan  and  Sinopharm's  BBIBP-CorV.  Russia's  Gam-COVID-Vac  (Sputnik  V)  is  also  covered.
1	Kia  ora  the  350  probable  cases  are  part  of  our  total  number  and  have  returned  a  negative  test  but  were  still  considered  a  probable  or  suspected  case  of  Covid-19.  This  probable  case  has  now  returned  a  positive  test  and  they  are  currently  in  Quarantine.
1	Yesterday  our  laboratories  completed  2497  tests  528  of  which  were  taken  at  managed  isolation  or  quarantine  facilities.  The  total  number  of  tests  completed  in  New  Zealand  to  date  is  438720.
1	UPDATE:  in  Italy:  Reproduction  number  R  &lt;1  No  herd  immunity  reached  20%  return  to  pre-lockdown  mobility  may  lead  to  resurgence  in  deaths  Enhanced  surveillance  needed  to  reduce  risk  of  resurgence  Report  1	On  the  3rd  of  September  2020  we  erroneously  reported  1  additional  confirmed  case  in  our  summary.  The  new  confirmed  cases  are  124  and  the  total  is  54587.  We  apologise  for  this  error  and  remain  committed  to  ensuring  transparent  and  accurate  reporting  of  test  results.  1	Our  total  number  of  cases  1157.  We  will  report  the  additional  cases  to  WHO.  Our  combined  total  of  confirmed  and  probable  cases  is  1507.  There  are  no  additional  deaths  to  report.    There  is  no  one  in  New  Zealand  receiving  hospital-level  care  for  COVID-19.
1	Contact  tracing  is  intense  difficult  work  but  our  safety  and  economy  depend  on  it.  1	As  of  today  there  are  10315  active  cases  in  0	Video  shows  a  huge  crowd  gathered  in  an  American  mall  neglecting  the  social  distancing  during  current  pandemic.
1	(Infected1)  Asymptomatic  +  Infected(mild)These  are  mild  cases.  After  approximately  a  week  4%  of  the  sum  of  the  cases  in  these  two  categories  worsen  thus  requiring  hospitalization  (Infected2)  while  the  remaining  96%  progress  to  Recovered.
1	Recognizing  the  warning  signs  of  may  be  more  difficult  during  due  to  Still  you  can  1	Theyd  clearly  been  struggling  with  resolving  the  tests  to  people.  But  this  makes  the  data  before  and  after  this  date  fundamentally  dissimilar.  There  isnt  anything  we  can  do.  The  time  series  for  the  nations  largest  state  is  just  broken  now.
1	The  number  of  recovered  cases  is  progressively  rising  and  the  total  number  of  recovered  cases  are  now  more  than  38.59  lakh:  Secretary  1	Home  Secretary  Priti  Patel  said  she  would  call  the  police  on  a  neighbour  having  a  party  that  broke  new  rules.  Read  more  on  this  story  here:  0	Pope  Authorizes  Social  Distance  Baptisms  Using  Water  Pistols  0	Opinion:  Do  you  know  what  is  more  infectious  than  COVID-19?  COURAGE  0	Says  the  2019  coronavirus  causes  sudden  death  syndrome.
1	The  death  toll  today  is  1510.  That  brings  the  total  deaths  in  our  dataset  over  ~77  thousand.  This  does  not  include  5136  probable  COVID-19  deaths  reported  by  NYC  but  not  New  York  State  nor  does  it  address  excess  mortality  as  reported  by  the  CDC  here:  1	Our  general  position  is  also  that  the  data  on  hospitalizations  and  other  outcomes  is  going  to  be  extremely  messy  at  least  for  a  couple  weeks.  I  would  expect  a  lot  of  changes  and  reformats.
0	Pope  Francis  ran  away  at  a  public  meeting  due  to  coronavirus  fear.
1	death  toll  at  1000+  cases  each  day  while  testing  has  dropped  nearly  4%  in  two  weeks.  0	With  57381  recoveries  in  the  past  24  hours  India  records  the  biggest  single-day  spike  in  recoveries.  Nations  recovery  rate  from  coronavirus  infection  stands  at  71.17%.  Bihar  becomes  8th  Indian  state  to  cross  the  grim  benchmark  of  1  lakh  COVID-19  cases  0	In  the  United  Kingdom  the  woman  who  was  tried  for  the  coronavrus  vaccine  has  died.
0	18  nations  including  the  US  and  the  UK  want  Indian  Prime  Minister  Narendra  Modi  to  be  the  leader  of  the  task  force  to  combat  the  coronavirus  pandemic.
0	5  pictures  show  people  who  were  alledegedly  infected  with  Staphylococcus  bacteria  because  of  masks  during  the  pandemic
1	Do  you  think  it's  possible  we'll  see  something  like  this  out  of  New  Jersey?  Big  transparency  win  and  keeps  people  from  thinking  the  positive  rate  for  testing  is  too  high!  -1	10  lakh  per  day!  From  as  little  as  3000-4000/day  at  the  beginning  of  April.  No  shortage  of  ventilator  PP0	NEWS!  Priti  Patel  announces  the  country  has  undertaken  eleventy-billion  Covid-19  tests
1	91  new  cases  of  have  been  reported;  74  in  Lagos  5  in  Katsina  4  in  Ogun  2  in  Delta  2  in  Edo  1  in  Kwara  1  in  Oyo  1  in  FCT  1  in  Adamawa  As  at  11:25  pm  22nd  April  there  are  873  confirmed  cases  of  reported  in  Nigeria.  Discharged:  197  Deaths:  28  1	90  new  cases  of  Lagos-33  Plateau-27  Kaduna-17  Ogun-6  FCT-4  Anambra-1  Ekiti-1  Nasarawa-1  56478  confirmed  44430  discharged  1088  deaths  0	Countries  were  exporting  COVID-19  diagnostic  test  instrumentsin  2018.
1	Less  than  one-fifth  of  the  total  cases  are  active.  4497867  (80.86%)  of  the  total  cases  are  Recovered/  Discharged  975861  (17.54%)  of  the  total  cases  are  Active  88935  (1.60%)  of  the  total  cases  are  deaths:  Secretary  0	Video  of  people  of  Italy  saying  goodbye  to  the  world  by  standing  outside  a  masjid  in  Milan  as  they  couldn't  control  the  spread  of  COVID-19  (SARS-COV-2)  virus.
1	3044940  total  confirmed  cases  2280566  cases  cured/recovered  35292220  samples  tested  Here's  the1	Record  highest  single  day  Recoveries  of  57937  Recoveries  exceed  the  active  cases  by  13  lakh
1	India  scales  yet  another  peak  of  highest  ever  single  day  recoveries.  81533  patients  recover  in  last  24  hours.  60%  of  total  recoveries  concentrated  in  5  states.  0	One  photograph  of  a  protest  shows  how  the  Bolivian  government  continues  its  racist  policy  of  repression,  despite  the  COVID-19  pandemic.
1	Today  there  are  two  people  receiving  hospital  level  care  for  COVID-19  one  each  in  Auckland  and  Middlemore  hospitals.  Neither  are  in  ICU.We  still  have  16  significant  clusters.  There  are  no  additional  deaths  to  report.1	transmission  occurs  primarily  through  direct  indirect  or  close  contact  with  infected  people  through  their  saliva  and  res0	An  audio  clip  of  Dr.  Naresh  Trehan  cautioning  people  about  the  danger  of  COVID-19  in  India.
0	South  Sudan's  president  and  senior  ministers  have  appeared  in  public  in  recent  weeks  wearing  so-called  virus  removal  cardsclip-on  tags  marketed  as  prevention  against  infectious  diseases.  AFP  Fact  Check  found  the  items  for  sale  online  in  various  countries  including  Lebanon  Malaysia  and  the  Philippines.
1	WHO  is  working  through  our  150  country  offices  to  support  the  response  to  to  support  the  continuity  of  essential  health  services  and  to  engage  communities  to  ensure  demand  for  these  services  is  maintained-0	A  Nigerian  In  Germany  Has  Developed  A  COVID-19  Herbal  Cure
0	Video  shows  someone  shot  during  celebrations  after  his  COVID-19  treatment.
0	Olive  Garden  employees  are  allowed  to  wear  Black  Lives  Matter  masks  but  NOT  the  American  flag.1	So  if  we  achieve  all  3  reopen  metrics  are  we  ready  to  reopen?  Not  necessarily.  Its  complicated.  Ultimately  its  a  case-by-case  decision  and  includes  other  factors  such  as  PPE  availability  ability  to  trace  positive  cases  and  much  much  more.
0	Thank  you  -  extremely  insightful.  Is  there  one  or  two  trusted  websites  that  you  follow  to  provide  a  good  summary  &amp;  update  on  covid?  I  follow  and  he  does  a  really  good  job.  Recent  video  touted  importance  of  Vitamin  D  and  elderberry,  among  other  things.
1	State-wise  details  of  Total  Confirmed  cases  (till  30  August  2020  8  AM)  States  with  1-10000  confirmed  cases  States  with  10001-90000  confirmed  cases  States  with  90000+  confirmed  cases  Total  no.  of  confirmed  cases  so  far  0	Delhi  Health  Minister  Satyendar  Jain  said  that  not  a  single  one  of  the  30  thousand  in  Markaz  was  found  coronavirus  positive.
0	Claim  that  there  is  no  COVID-19  virus.
1	2461190  total  confirmed  cases  1751555  cases  cured/recovered  27694416  samples  tested  Here's  the0	According  to  an  Italian  MP  Bill  Gates  had  millions  of  women  in  Africa  sterilized  and  caused  a  polio  epidemic  that  paralyzed  500000  children  in  India.
0	_A  video  on  social  networks  in  which  you  can  see  how  two  policemen  removed  a  person  from  inside  a  grave.  The  message  with  which  the  images  are  shared  claim  that  this  is  a  man  who  had  allegedly  died  with  a  coronavirus  in  Brazil  and  who  had  been  buried  alive._
0	Alberto  Fernndez  about  the  coronavirus:  Mortality  in  people  over  65  is  80%.
1	Our  daily  update  is  published.  States  reported  relatively  low  numbers  of  tests  (713k)  and  cases  (60k).  The  7-day  average  for  deaths  is  now  1076.  0	Chandigarh  kalka  Road...  Nature  is  back  to  its  basics  Birds  are  singing  on  style
1	Benefits  to  healthcare  workers-  Pradhan  Mantri  Garib  Kalyan  Package  An  additional  incentive  of  Rs.  1000/-  per  month  is  being  paid  to  in  view  of  their  significant  contribution  towards  pandemic  related  work.  Details  :  1	We  can  now  say  there  are  33  cases  in  the  Mt  Roskill  Evangelical  Fellowship  group  and  13  cases  in  the  bereavement  sub-cluster  which  includes  the  cases  whose  source  of  infection  was  the  bereavement  events.
0	Government  of  an  Indian  state  Madhya  Pradesh  ordered  shoot-at-sight  to  enforce  lockdown.
1	591  new  cases  of  Oyo-191  Lagos-168  FCT-61  Ondo-29  Osun-26  Ebonyi-24  Edo-23  Ogun-14  Rivers-13  Akwa  Ibom-12  Kaduna-10  Katsina-6  Borno-4  Ekiti-3  Delta-3  Imo-3  Niger-1  39539  confirmed  16559  discharged  845  deaths  1	75%  of  New  Cases  in  the  country  are  concentrated  in  10  States/UTs.  10  States/UTs  also  account  for  74%  of  New  Recoveries.  Maharashtra  Andhra  Pradesh  and  Karnataka  are  among  these  reporting  higher  number  of  recoveries  and  new  cases  too.  0	Serological  survey  for  the  month  of  August  in  begins  today!!!  Remember  as  per  Julys  survey  of  about  11,000  samples  1  in  4  Delhiites  (approx  24%)  had  antibodies  of  0	COVID-19  patients  will  not  show  symptoms  for  the  first  14  days.
1	While  the  7-day  positive  rate  average  has  not  crossed  10%...  Today  26069  of  the  219280  tests  reported  in  the  South  came  back  positive.  That's  12%.  0	_Pakistan's  PM  Imran  Khan's  wife  has  been  detected  with  coronavirus._
1	The  latest  updates  from  the  Finance  Minister  and  Director  of  Public  Health.  Today  there  are  2  new  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19.  There  are  no  additional  deaths.  One  is  linked  to  St  Margarets  cluster.  This  is  a  WaitematDHB  staff  member  who  had  been  looking  after  cases.  0	Pension  bill  can  be  cut  if  Government  has  the  will
1	The  7-day  average  for  COVID-19  deaths  dropped  below  1000  over  the  weekend.  0	If  we  stopped  testing  right  now,  we'd  have  very  few  cases,  if  any.0	CDC:  Obnoxious  airborne  COVID-19  mocks  legviruses  1	Smokers  are  more  likely  to  develop  severe  disease  with  compared  to  non-smokers.  Speak  with  WHOs  digital  health  worker  Florence  to  build  a  quit  plan  today  0	During  false  information  about  the  virus  is  circulating  online.  You  can  take  steps  to  protect  yourself  by:  Che0	Steam  inhalation  kiosk  to  fight  1	Alabama  set  a  new  record  for  deaths  (47)  breaking  their  previous  record  which  was  set  yesterday.  Oklahoma  set  a  new  record  for  cases  today  breaking  1000  for  the  first  time.  Both  states  also  set  new  records  for  hospitalized  COVID-19  patients.  1	We're  grateful  to  the  scientists  managers  data  officers  cleaners  &amp;  all  working  at  the  15  molecular  testing  labs  across  Nigeria  NCDC  is  rapidly  scaling  up  the  country's  lab  capacity  through  a  carefully  planned  testing  strategy  Download  0	Homeopathic  doctor  in  Colombia  gives  out  a  prescription  that  according  to  him  cures  the  coronavirus.
0	Analysis:  Are  quarantined  passengers  adequately  protected  from  Cornwall?  0	I  don't  wear  a  mask  to  stop  getting  the  cold,  the  flu  etc...  So  covid  isn't  gonna  make  me  either.  I  drink  Dettol  for  breakfast.
0	A  WhatsApp  forward  claims  that  British  Airways  is  permanently  shutting  down  due  to  heavy  business  loss  incurred  during  the  COVID-19  pandemic.  This  claim  is  'False';  British  Airways  has  categorically  dispelled  these  rumors.  1	The  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  is  1207  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  The  woman  in  her  20s  -  travelled  from  Afghanistan  via  Dubai  and  arrived  on  July  14.  She  was  on  flight  EK448  from  Dubai  to  Auckland.
0	BREAKING!  After  Donald  Trump  says  you  need  to  read  the  books  about  Coronavirus  testing  to  properly  understand  the  numbers,  the  White  House  reveals  which  book  in  particular  0	A  video  shows  a  man  calmly  lying  down  in  a  hospital  bed  and  being  tucked  into  an  ambulance.  The  caption  says  this  is  proof  that  Brazilian  authorities  are  forging  COVID-19  cases
0	Anybody  that  wants  a  test  (for  the  coronavirus)  can  get  a  test.0	Gyms,  swimming  pools  and  other  fetid  death  traps  to  reopen  this  week  0	I'm  starting  to  think  Utah  politicians  have  an  under  the  table  deal  with  crematoriums  and  funeral  parlors  for  how  easily  they  are  letting  us  all  get  and  die.  1	We  are  sending  medical  supplies  to  nursing  homes  across  the  country  to  help  with  needs.  Watch  this  video  for  a  detailed1	A  new  finds  children  who  likely  got  in  their  child  care  centers  spread  COVID-19  to  others  outside  the  child  care  center  including  to  household  members.  Slow  the  spread.  Wear  masks  if  over  2  wash  hands  &amp;  stay  home  if  sick.  See  more:  0	NEWS!  Man  regrets  signing  up  to  dating  site  with  username  Covid-191	Coronavirus:  US  passes  grim  milestone  of  200000  deaths  0	COVID  -19  sensor  has  been  'inserted'  into  every  phone.  Apparently  when  everyone  was  having  phone  disruptionsearlier  this  week,  they  were  adding  COVID-19  Trackers  to  our  phones!erted'  into  every  phone.  Apparently  when  everyone  was  having  phone  disruptionsearlier  this  week,  they  were  adding  COVID-19  Trackers  to  our  phones!  If  you  have  an  iPhone,  go  to  settings,  privacy,  then  health,  Its  there  but  not  yet  functional.  Watsapp  forward.  But  checked  on  android  and  its  there.  Google  and  Apple  allowed  to  track  people  freely..  They  should  be  penalised  for  such  illegal  tracking
India's  comprehensive  and  calibrated  actions  within  the  umbrella  strategy  of  'TEST  TRACK  TREAT'  have  resulted  in  a  low  mortality  rate.  Sustained  efforts  through  early  diagnosis  &amp;  timely  and  effective  treatment  continue  to  steadily  push  the  CFR  down.  
Indias  Recovery  Rate  climbs  to  67.62%.  
A  man  in  Italy  killed  himself  after  he  lost  his  family  to  the  coronavirus.
Mumbai  now  has  a  state-of-the-art  testing  facility  at  This  high-end  lab  can  test  1200  samples  per  day  exponentially  increasing  testing  and  helping  strengthen  detection  and  treatment!  
Mine  Phone  Sayardaw  predicted  that  COVID-19  infections  could  exceed  100  million  worldwide.
The  N95  respirator  offers  the  most  protection  against  viral  particles  for  the  wearer.  But  other  masks  are  effective  in  reducing  the  reach  of  COVID-19  because  they  help  stop  asymptomatic  individuals  from  unknowingly  spreading  the  disease.  
NEWS!  Number  of  plans  made  in  lockdown  for  when  all  this  is  overfalls  for  third  day  running  
As  per  GoI  it  is  recommended  to  use  1%  sodium  hypochlorite  or  phenolic  disinfectants  for  disinfection  Kindly  refer  to  the  link  for  preparing  fresh  1%  sodium  hypochlorite  solution  at  Annexure  I  
People  shouting  "Allahu  Akbar"  in  Europe  after  the  coronavirus  outbreak.
When  we  need  lockdown  we  use  to  "Thali  bajaav"  When  Doctors  need  PPE  kits  govt  say  "drink  cow  urine"  When  we  need  sanitizers  govt  says  "use  cowdung  cakes"  When  we  need  financial  support  Govt  says  "we  r  top  at  GDP"  When  we  say  India  is  getting  worest  govt  says  "kill  Muslims"  &amp;..
When  you  wear  a  cloth  face  covering  you  help  protect  those  around  you  from  Help  keep  each  other  safe  by  continuing  to  properly  wear  cloth  face  coverings  every  time  the  entire  time  youre  in  public.  Learn  more:  
There  are  dozens  of  posts  on  Facebook  and  Twitter  that  list  a  number  of  plants  and  foods  that  purportedly  contain  "natural  azithromycin."  These  claims  went  viral  amid  studies  being  done  on  azithromycin  as  a  possible  treatment  against  COVID-19.
A  neighbor  of  Noia  (region  of  Galicia  Spain)  has  been  infected  with  the  coronavirus.
Says  44  senators  voted  NOT  to  send  stimulus  checks.
The  State  of  Florida  has  announced  measures  that  all  workplaces  with  10  employees  or  more  are  to  have  paid  mandatory  leave  to  avoid  the  spread  of  COVID-19  coronavirus  starting  on  March  6,  2020.  All  schools  are  to  close  for  2  weeks  also  from  March  6th.
Since  the  reopening  of  (Georgia),  weve  seen  our  COVID  rate  skyrocket  by  40%.
While  the  number  of  cases  (which  are  counted  cumulatively)  are  increasing  other  indicators  used  to  track  weekly  national  trends  in  the  level  of  illnesses  hospitalization  rates  and  the  proportion  of  deaths  from  fell  from  the  prior  week:  
In  an  interview  with  Sean  Hannity  on  4  March,  Trump  also  claimed  that  the  death  rate  published  by  the  WHO  was  false,  that  the  correct  fatality  rate  was  less  than  1  percent
Says  Democratic  leaders  arent  wearing  masks  or  social  distancing  in  private
There  are  68  approved  testing  labs  in  comprising  23  Govt.  Labs  &amp;  45  Pvt.  Labs.  Kindly  refer  to  the  following  link  for  the  list  of  labs:  
False:  claim  that  reporters  never  asked  him  about  coronavirus  in  May.  Press  conference  transcripts  show  reporters  asked  him  many  pandemic-related  questions  about  unemployment  reopening  plans  testing  and  outbreaks.  
WHO  backs  off  asymptomatic  coronavirus  transmission  claims.  
Coronavirus:  Slovenia  and  Guadeloupe  added  to  UK's  quarantine  list  -  but  Thailand  and  Singapore  removed  
1332  people  have  recovered  89%  of  our  confirmed  and  probable  cases  are  now  recovered.  7323  tests  were  processed  yesterday.  This  brings  the  total  number  of  tests  to  168023.  2  people  are  currently  in  hospital.
Hospitalizations  continue  to  go  up  and  we're  starting  to  be  able  to  track  more  of  them  though  our  numbers  are  definitely  a  lower  bound.  We  tracked  a  cumulative  16729  hospitalizations.  For  more  on  the  difficulties  of  tracking  outcomes  see  this  thread:  
There  were  more  than  20k  newly  discovered  cases  but  because  of  the  huge  number  of  reported  tests  the  positive  rate  is  one  of  the  lowest  we've  seen  at  under  5%.  
A  text  claiming  COVID-19  can  be  transmitted  by  mosquitoes.
Guidelines  for  Schools  in  Telangana  to  reopen  for  the  academic  year  2020-21
Kamala  Harris'  sister  does  take  hydroxychloroquine  but  it's  for  lupus  not  COVID-19.  
A  large  Muslim  crowd  in  the  indian  city  of  Haldwani  stone  pelted  doctors  when  they  tried  to  quarantine  the  Imam.
The  Access  to  Tools  (ACT)  Accelerator  is  a  ground-breaking  global  collaboration  to  accelerate  the  development  production  and  equitable  access  to  COVID-19  diagnostics  therapeutics  and  vaccines.  
Govt  of  India  has  come  up  with  this  brilliant  idea  of  moving  trucks  by  train.  Faster,  safer  and  timely.  Thanks  to  our  beloved  PM,  Shri  Narendra  Modi  Ji  and  Railway  Minister,  Shri  Piyush  Goyal  Ji.
With  598778  tests  conducted  in  last  24  hours  the  cumulative  testing  increases  to  23387171.  The  Tests  Per  Million  has  seen  a  sharp  increase  to  16947  today.
This  makes  it  difficult  to  compare  hospitalization  rates  across  states.  Which  is  yet  another  reason  that  summary  statistics  of  hospitalization  data  is  something  that  should  not  be  attempted  without  extreme  care  and  understanding  of  the  caveats.  See:  
Hallmark  Channel  Causes  Weight  Gain  in  Women  
More  than  85%  of  patients  at  one  Georgia  health  system  have  been  black.  
is  currently  the  only  state  on  track  to  contain  COVID.  Cases  are  steadily  decreasing  and  Vermonts  COVID  preparedness  meets  or  exceeds  international  standards.  
A  photo  from  the  funeral  of  a  recently  deceased  Sri  Lankan  politician  Arumugam  Thondaman  has  been  shared  thousands  of  times  in  multiple  Facebook  posts.  The  posts  claim  the  image  shows  one  of  Thondamans  daughters  violated  Sri  Lanka's  mandatory  coronavirus  quarantine  policy  for  travelers  by  attending  the  ceremony  shortly  after  returning  to  the  country  from  overseas.
A  woman  drowned  her  children  as  she  could  not  provide  them  food  during  the  lockdown  in  India.
Warm  weather  can  stop  coronavirus  transmission!  Its  summer  in  parts  of  India  and  coronavirus  cases  are  still  rising  so  now  you  know  that  this  claim  was  'False'.  Join  our  initiative  and  stay  safe  from  fake  news  and  misinformation.  
I'm  devastated  right  now  but  at  the  same  time  I  couldn't  stop  thinking  I  narrowly  escaped,  thanks  to  FilterMax?.
Per  order  from  people  in  Michigan  are  now  banned  from  purchasing  a  new  baby  car  seat  in  stores.
This  is  Dr.  Usama  Riaz  from  Pakistan.  He  got  infected  with  coronavirus  while  treating  others.  This  was  his  last  video  cuz  he  succumbed  yesterday.    Please  listen  to  his  last  words,  "Coronavirus  mazaak  nahin  hai."  Your  safety  is  in  your  hands  &  not  Allah's.
Wearing  masks  for  the  coronavirus  decreases  oxygen  intake,  increases  toxin  inhalation,  shuts  down  immune  system,  increases  virus  risk,    scientifically  inaccurate,  effectiveness  not  studied.
President  Trump  Agrees  To  Stop  Calling  COVID-19  The  Chinese  Flu,  The  Wuhan  Flu,  and  The  Chinese  Curse  
3167323  total  confirmed  cases  2404585  cases  cured/recovered  36827520  samples  tested  Here's  the
Place  you  bought  Jeans  from  six  months  ago  wants  you  to  know  theyre  doing  everything  they  can  to  combat  Covid-19  
Good  News  COVID  in  is  spreading  in  a  slow  and  controlled  fashion  and  Californias  COVID  preparedness  meets  international  standards.  Monitor  the  COVID  risk  in  your  community  with  our  link  in  bio.  
Absolutely  madhu  ji.  Along  with  3  family  members  ,  i  was  infected  with  for  3  weeks  Gargle  with  haldi  thrice  Kadha  twice  Steam  thrice  Haldi  milk  at  night  Coronil  pack  (  swasari  and  coronil)  twice  All  four  of  us  got  negative  by  following  above.Remained  in  home  isolation
Sources  confirm  COVID  19  Vaccine  Needs  at  least  6  to  10m  for  Clinical  Trials  on  more  than  5000  But  Choosing  only  1100  +ve  Patients  &amp;  Eager  to  complete  Before  August  15,2020  means...?  
Covid  rashes  are  now  responsible  for  hate?  Covid-19  skin  rash  website  criticised  for  lack  of  BAME  examples
Patients  with  STEMI  had  52%  greater  odds  of  mortality  during  the  later  period  than  before  the  pandemic.  
There  is  an  exponential  increase  in  the  daily  testing  in  the  country.  Over  11.7  lakh  (1172179)  tests  were  done  in
Update:  Suicidal  Man  Seeks  Coronavirus  Infection  
States  that  are  testing  the  highest  numbers  are  also  reporting  a  gradual  decline  in  the  positivity  rate.  The  national  cumulative  positivity  rate  stands  at  8.44%  today.  
SIMPLE  SOLUTION  TO  CORONA  VIRUS  REVEALED.  God  is  wonderful,  as  deadly  as  Corona  Virus  is,  it  has  been  confirmed  and  tested  that  Palm  oil  can  stop  the  spread  of  the  virus.  Experts  have  advised,  we  drink  two  spoonful  of  palm  oil  every  morning  to  avoid  the  continuous  spread  of  the  virus.  Plz  help  share  and  spread  this  important  message  urgently  to  your  families,  friends  and  love  ones.  Your  message  can  save  millions  of  lives.  WORLD  HEALTH  ORGANIZATION  (WHO).
This  photo  shows  nurses  insulting  French  President  Emmanuel  Macron.
Total  Cases  in  India(as  on  August  30  2020)  76.6%  Cured/Discharged/Migrated  (2713933)  21.6%  Active  cases  (765302)  1.8%  Deaths  (63498)  Total  COVID-19  confirmed  cases  =  Cured/Discharged/Migrated+Active  cases+Deaths  Via  
481  new  cases  of  FCT-96  Lagos-89  Plateau-68  Ogun-49  Edo-44  Rivers-43  Oyo-25  Osun-23  Delta-15  Enugu-11  Kano-7  Kaduna-7  Bauchi-2  Bayelsa-1  Yobe-1  42689  confirmed  19270  discharged  878  deaths  
There  is  pandemic  every  100  years,  world  is  mysterious.  
RT-PCR  remains  the  gold  standard  for  detecting  cases.  Rapid  Point-of-Care  (PoC)  Antigen  Detection  Test  are  also  used  for  diagnosis/detection  along  with  RT-PCR.  Current  evidence  suggests  that  CT  Scans  &amp;  X-Rays  are  not  specific  enough  to  diagnose  or  rule  out  
The  biggest  change  in  the  data  is  in  the  number  of  COVID-19  patients  who  are  currently  hospitalized.  With  the  addition  of  Florida's  7k  hospitalizations  were  now  over  51000.  We  have  not  seen  those  numbers  since  the  first  week  of  Mayand  they  do  not  seem  likely  to  decline  soon.  
Our  latest  Weekly  Epidemiological  Report  for  week  30  focuses  on  the  implementation  guidelines  for  the  extended  lockdown  ease  in  Nigeria.  NCDC  remains  committed  to  keep  Nigerians  informed  following  emerging  evidence  on  Read:  
Dating  back  to  May  21  the  Long-Term  Care  Tracker  compiles  all  available  information  of  COVID-19  cases  and  related  deaths  in  long-term  care  facilitiesnursing  homes  skilled  nursing  facilities  assisted  living  facilities  and  other  care  homesand  tracks  both  residents  and  staff.
For  most  countries  a  phase  1  allocation  that  builds  up  to  20%  of  the  population  would  cover  most  of  the  at-risk  groups.  If  we  don't  protect  these  highest  risk  people  from  everywhere  &amp;  at  the  same  time  we  can't  stabilise  health  systems  &amp;  rebuild  the  economy-
Ultra-rich  Facing  New  Challenges  Due  to  COVID-19  
The  gap  between  %Recovered  Cases  and  %Active  Cases  progressively  growing  wide.  More  than  3/4  of  total  cases  (more  than  36L)  recovered  &amp;  discharged.  Active  Cases  (less  than  10.5L)  only  a  small  proportion  (less  than  1/4)  of  total  cases.  
Be  prepared  to  discuss  with  your  children.  Watch  this  new  video  for  tips  on  how  to  support  your  children  during  the  COVID-19  outbreak.  
NEWS!  Laughter  is  the  best  medicineexplains  Boris,  which  is  why  our  Covid  strategy  is  a  joke
Says  the  coronavirus  can  be  slowed  or  stopped  with  the  immediate  widespread  use  of  high  doses  of  vitamin  C.
Our  reopening  metrics  provide  important  benchmarks  for  considering  how  and  when  to  but  ultimately  its  a  case-by-case  decision  and  includes  other  factors  such  as  PPE  availability  ability  to  trace  positive  cases  and  much  more.
Scientists  warn  of  potential  wave  of  COVID-linked  brain  damage  
Andrew  Jenkinson  says  his  wife's  treatment  has  been  paused  because  there  is  too  much  concentration  on  COVID-19.  Get  more  on  this  story  here:  
SOP  for  partial  reopening  of  Schools  (w.e.f.  today-  21st  September  2020)  For  conducting  guidance  activities  
Cindy  McCain  joins  board  of  Biden's  presidential  transition  team  I,  too,  am  widow  of  distinguished  US  military  officer.  I  would  never  affiliate  myself  w/  Biden-deep  $  ties  to  adversary  CCP  that  stuck  down  US-launched  bioweapon  COVID19  on  US  soil.
Video  shows  celebrations  in  Tunisian  hospitals  because  Tunisia  is  free  from  COVID19.
Coronavirus:  Premier  Inn-owner  Whitbread  to  cut  6000  jobs  
Indias  cumulative  tests  reach  nearly  3.9  crore  today.  924998  lakh  tests  were  conducted  in  last  24  hours  across  the  country.  This  has  spurred  the  total  tests  to  38576510.  India's  total  recoveries  have  surpassed  cross  2.5  million  today.  
President  Trump  Has  Left  Planet  Earth  
The  hospitalization  rates  for  in  older  people  right  now  are  similar  to  what  is  typically  seen  during  a  high  severity  flu  season.  Learn  more:  
Delays  in  getting  test  results  back  have  been  condemned  as  "appalling  and  negligent"  by  the  chair  of  a  body  representing  4000  care  homes  in  the  UK  
Pet  cats  wondering  when  the  fuck  youre  going  back  to  work    
Noimot  Salako  Ogun  state  deputy  governor  claimed  her  state  deployed  Africas  first  mobile  COVID-19  testing  lab.
The  WHO  approves  anti-malarial  drug  Chloroquine  for  COVID-19.
Nationally  more  than  44k  new  cases  were  reported  today.  That's  the  third  straight  record  day.  
NZ  COVID  Tracer  has  now  recorded  621400  registered  users.  There  have  been  82287  posters  created  to  date  and  1604609  scans.
NEW:  In  a  recent  press  conference  President  oversold  credit  due  the  White  House  for  a  falling  coronavirus  fatality  statistic.  
Factors  that  favor  noninvasive  ventilation  include  stably  high  oxygen  requirements  normal  mental  status  ward  location  of  care  and  moderate  to  severe  COVID-19.  
As  at  10:30  pm  3rd  April  there  are  209  confirmed  cases  25  discharged  4  deaths  For  a  breakdown  of  cases  by  states-  Lagos-  109  FCT-  41  Osun-  20  Oyo-  9  Akwa  Ibom-  5  Ogun-  4  Edo-  7  Kaduna-  4  Bauchi-  3  Enugu-  2  Ekiti-  2  Rivers-1  Benue-  1  Ondo-  1
As  per  Dashboard  (Slide  6)  5955  samples  were  tested  for  on  16th  July  2020:  
A  woman  in  Uttar  Pradesh  threw  her  five  children  into  the  river  as  they  had  no  food  to  eat  during  the  current  lockdown.
Labor  Day  festivities  are  expected  to  cause  a  surge  in  COVID  cases.  With  college  and  school  reopenings  experts  recommend  social  distancing  mask-wearing  and  testing  before  and  after  for  those  who  choose  to  celebrate.  Read  on  
We  still  have  16  significant  clusters  four  of  which  are  now  closed.  Yesterday  our  laboratories  processed  5961  tests  bringing  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  203045  -  just  over  4%  of  New  Zealanders.
There  is  a  progressive  rise  in  India's  testing.  We  took  27  days  to  double  our  testing  from  1  crore  to  2  crore.  However  we  took  only  10  days  to  jump  from  4  crore  tests  to  5  crore  tests:  Secretary  
Everyone  should  also  supplement  with  Vitamin  D.  Extensive  clinical  evidence  that  sufficient  Vitamin  D  reduces  severity  of  Covid-19,  and  other  viruses.  Chronic  Vit  D  deficiency  in  Ireland  especially  in  winter.  Appalling  negligence  that  you  do  not  advise  Vit  D  supplementation.
NEWS!  Woman  decides  to  stay  in  lockdown  for  a  few  more  months  after  cutting  her  own  hair  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  States  reported  582k  tests  31k  cases  and  1089  deaths.  
As  of  June  16  more  than  2.1  million  cases  have  been  reported  in  the  U.S.  with  37  states  and  jurisdictions  reporting  more  than  10000  cases.  See  how  many  cases  have  been  reported  in  your  state:  
Nashville  Man  Feels  for  Those  Who  Had  Lives  before  Coronavirus  
Image  showing  a  mother  hugging  her  baby  infected  with  COVID-19  inside  a  laminar  airflow  room.
if  we  test  aggressively  test  through  PCR,  TRUENAT,ANTIGEN  tests  Definitely  KA  cross  1.5lac  COVID  19  +ve  cases..Still  Our  updating  "Invisible  data's"..!  At  least  10m  We  should  struggle  With  COVID  19..!!  
Man  Becomes  Fluent  In  Spanish,  Completes  Physics  Degree  &amp;  Learns  To  Code  While  Patiently  Waiting  For  Covid-19  Test  Result  
Mouthwash  kills  and  cures  the  new  coronavirus
Evander  Holyfield  Arrested  for  Not  Wearing  Mask,  Claims  Innocence  Due  to  Missing  Ear  
Cindy  McCain  endorses  Biden:  'We  are  Republicans,  yes,  but  Americans  foremost'  I,  too,  am  widow  of  distinguished  US  military  officer.  Would  never  affiliate  myself  w/  Biden-deep  $  ties  to  adversary  CCP-launched  bioweapon  COVID19  on  US  soil/World.
THERE  WAS  NEVER  A  COVID-19!!  READ  THIS!  CORONAVIRUS  IS  FAKE!  IT  WAS  A  HUGE  COVER  UP  TO  ALLOW  DEPLOYMENT  OF  5G  NETWORK  TOWERS,  WHICH  ARE  THE  REAL  CAUSE  FOR  THE  VIRUS  DEATH,  THEY  ARE  RELEASING  EXTREME  AMOUNT  OF  RADIATION  TO  YOUR  BODY  THROUGH  PHONE  SIGNAL!  THE  5G  WILL  ALSO  GIVE  THE  GOVERNMENT  ACCESS  TO  YOUR  INFORMATION  AND  LOCATION  THROUGH  AN  R.F.I.D  CHIP  IN  THE  VACCINE  SAID  TO  IMMUNIZE  YOU,  YOU  WILL  LOSE  ALL  RIGHTS  TO  PRIVACY,  BANK  AND  PERSONAL  INFO.  PLEASE  BE  AWARE  DONT  TAKE  THE  VACCINE!  OUR  GOVERNMENTS  ARE  LYING  TO  US.
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Weve  now  tracked  18.7  million  tests  up  465k  from  yesterday  the  second-highest  daily  total  we've  seen.  Note  that  we  can  only  track  tests  that  a  state  reports.  For  details  see:  
We  are  testing  1.1  lakh  samples  in  a  day  at  612  labs.  Capacity  also  has  increased  by  augmenting  number  of  labs/shifts:  DG
_There  has  been  vaccine  for  coronavirus  (COVID-19)  since  2001._
No  Shifting  Anyone;  Government's  New  Emergency  Covid-19  Laws  In  Full  
I  would  be  very  surprised  if  Florida  did  not  have  substantial  outbreaksbut  is  behind  New  York  curve  by  a  substantial  number  of  days.  Lets  hope  not  though.  -
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Weve  now  tracked  ~10  million  tests  up  336k  from  yesterday.  Note  that  we  can  only  track  tests  that  a  state  reports.  For  details  see:  
Treat  your  pets  the  same  way  you  would  treat  other  family  members  to  prevent  the  spread  of  Keep  your  pets  away  from  sick  people  and  people  outside  your  household.  Read  more  about  pets  and  COVID-19:  
Photo  of  people  in  medical  scrubs  lying  on  the  floor  of  an  operating  theatre  shows  some  of  the  200  Italian  doctors  who  died  of  COVID-19  in  one  day  on  3/23/20.
A  photo  shows  a  medical  team  of  1000  sent  by  Japan  to  Wuhan.
OK  our  daily  update  is  published.  States  reported  840k  tests  completed  nearly  66k  new  cases  and  hospitalizations  ticked  up.  The  major  observation  however  is  that  states  reported  more  than  1400  deaths  today  the  most  since  May  15.  
Coronavirus:  Pandemic  pushes  price  tags  on  larger  homes  'to  record  high'  
NEWS!  EU  threatens  to  expel  the  UK  unless  parliament  is  reopened  
In  many  countries  essential  services  for  nutrition  and  immunization  have  been  disrupted  and  millions  of  children  have  missed  out  on  months  of  schooling-
One  thing  we  do  know  is  that  private  testing  is  going  to  scale  up  to  10s  of  thousands  of  tests  a  day  quite  possibly  dwarfing  other  sources  soon.
Judy  Mikovits  should  replace  Tony  Fauci  as  head  of  infectious  disease  control.  She  can  explain  things  so  much  more  clearly.  
The  latest  CDC  report  indicates  that  while  illnesses  are  starting  to  decline  in  the  Southeast  South  Central  and  South  West/Coast  regions  they  are  still  at  higher  levels  compared  to  March/April.  
More  than  5  crore  tests  conducted  so  far.  More  than  33  lakhs  patients  have  been  recovered  so  far.  The  case  fatality  rate
I  promise  one  thing  on  behalf  of  In  a  decade,  missionaries  in  Bharat  will  face  what  spitters  face  in  Corona  Crisis.  and  West  (including  Arab  world)  will  find  peace  in  chanting  Gayatri  Mantra.  
Follow-up  on  earlier  cases:  For  the  two  cases  who  travelled  from  the  UK  out  of  386  people  being  followed  up  and  tested  as  part  of  a  precautionary  approach  288  negative  tests  have  now  been  recorded.  25  people  are  still  being  contacted.
The  new  coronavirus  is  400-500  micro  and  for  this  reason  wide  enough  to  be  stopped  by  masks.
Our  daily  update  is  published.  States  reported  591k  completed  tests  today.  The  nation  hadn't  ever  hit  500k  tests  in  a  day  before  June  and  has  now  surpassed  that  number  9  of  the  past  10  days.  For  details  see:  
Yesterday  our  laboratories  processed  681  tests.  The  vast  majority  of  these  673  were  swabs  taken  from  managed  isolation  facilities  as  these  are  processed  promptly.
BREAKING:  New  estimates  from  the  Office  for  National  Statistics  suggest  there  were  6000  new  infections  in  the  community  in  England  each  day  in  the  week  from  September  4  to  10  -  up  from  3200  the  week  before  Read  the  latest  here  
Chris  Hadfield  really  milking  this  I've  been  to  spacething  
Francis  Boyle  wrote  the  bio  weapons  act  unanimously  passed  by  congress.  He  says  Covid  is  a  offensive  biological  weapon.  Plus  the  leading  Chinese  expert  whistle  blower  agrees.  How  about  some  truth?  
Our  primary  strategy  is  to  work  with  affected  states  in  identifying  cases  and  their  contacts  for  prompt  isolation  and  treatment  as  required.  We  are  utilitising  a  software  for  real-time  collection  and  analysis  of  data  on  ~  
testing  has  touched  1  million  tests  per  day  which  translates  to  720  tests  per  million  population  daily  much  h
As  at  08:00  pm  2nd  April  there  are  184  confirmed  cases  20  discharged  2  deaths  For  a  breakdown  of  cases  by  states-  Currently;  Lagos-  98  FCT-  38  Osun-  14  Oyo-  8  Akwa  Ibom-  5  Ogun-  4  Edo-  4  Kaduna-  4  Bauchi-  3  Enugu-  2  Ekiti-  2  Rivers-1  Benue-  1
The  number  of  people  working  from  home  is  expected  to  double  following  the  coronavirus  pandemic  new  research  suggests  
Filming  on  new  fall  series  "The  Walking  Braindead"  begins  
Experts  say  veterinary  labs  could  relieve  some  of  the  pressure  on  commercial  and  hospital-based  labs  to  lessen  the  current  delays  in  COVID-19  testing  and  results  but  it  is  unlikely  to  be  a  game  changer.  
Holding  your  breath  can  test  for  COVID-19.
40  people  have  returned  negative  tests  for  COVID-19.  14  people  will  not  be  tested  either  on  the  basis  of  health  because  they  are  a  child  they  have  declined  they  can  no  longer  be  contacted  or  they  have  left  the  country.
This  pie  chart  shows  the  overall  percentage  of  cases  in  three  different  categories.  75.92%  of  the  total  cases  are  Recovered/  Discharged  22.24%  of  the  total  cases  are  Active  1.84%  of  the  total  cases  are  deaths:  Secretary  
We  have  stock  of  more  than  270000  tests  available  across  the  country  with  more  stock  coming  in  at  all  times.  We  can  process  more  than  12000  tests  per  day  and  we  are  looking  to  increase  this  over  the  next  few  days.
Coronavirus:  Grandparents  exempt  from  local  lockdown  rules  for  childcare  reasons  
Caring  for  someone  living  with  disease  or  another  type  of  Take  additional  steps  to  protect  and  care  for  them  and  yourself  during  the  pandemic:  
Coronavirus:  North  Yorkshire  goes  into  'full  emergency  mode'  due  to  rise  in  cases  
India  crosses  another  landmark-  records  highest  ever  tests  in  a  single  day.  More  than  10.5  lakh  tests  conducted  in  the  last  24  hrs.  All  State/UTs  conducting  more  than  140  tests/day/million  as  advised  by  WHO.  
BOOM!  Trump  To  Use  Neutron  Bomb  On  China  To  Rid  Corinavirus  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Weve  now  tracked  11.1  million  tests  up  357k  from  yesterday.  Note  that  we  can  only  track  tests  that  a  state  reports.  For  details  see:  
If  covid  is  so  deadly  I'm  wondering  how  I  did  die  yet.  I  work  in  critical  care,  we  used  to  intubate  patients  in  surgical  masks  only,  did  many  aerosolized  procedures.  I'm  perfectly  fine  not  even  a  runny  nose.
Nearly  74%  of  the  total  Active  Cases  are  in  the  nine  most  affected  States.  Maharashtra  Karnataka  and  Andhra  Pradesh  contribute  more  than  48%  of  the  total  active  cases.  
Claim:  Cow  urine/dung  could  treat  COVID-19:  Assam  legislator  Haripriya  Fact:  Such  claims  only  add  to  misinformation/fear-mongering  should  fight  disease  scientifically:  Anant  Bhanhealth  researcher.  No  preventive  med/cure  yet:  WHO  
CDC  is  helping  travelers  understand  the  risk  in  each  country.  Before  you  make  travel  plans  check  the  COVID-19  risk
From  our  perspective  it  is  better  to  have  all  the  numbers  but  separated  out  to  prevent  confusion  or  the  impression  that  the  goal  posts  have  been  moved.
BJP  MP  Alphons  Kannanthanam  violated  the  Covid-19  protocol  by  sending  his  mother's  dead  body  to  Kerala  for  the  funeral  without  revealing  she  died  of  Covid-19.
The  South  as  a  whole  reported  more  than  500  new  deaths  today  a  new  high  for  the  region.  
Restrictions  for  Easing  of  Lockdown  Phase  2:  No  public  gathering  of  more  than  20  people  outside  the  workplace  Restricted  opening  of  religious  centres  with  strict  guidelines  No  interstate  travel  except  for  essential  goods  No  non-essential  international  travel  
Dont  know  why  the  govt  is  wasting  money  on  testing..  Whoever  wants  test,  can  be  done.  Now  govt  thinks  that  corona  is  not  in  the  state.  since  no  seriousness  by  the  govt,  let  people  suffer..  bbmp  can  increase  graveyard  &amp;  crematoriums  to  give  decent  &amp;  quick  cremation    
New  Zealand  is  in  a  good  position  due  to  the  hard  work  and  sacrifices  of  kiwis.  Even  though  we  are  looking  at  a  possible  move  to  Alert  Level  1  pending  Cabinets  decision  we  need  to  remain  vigilant.
The  Government  says  that  the  coronavirus  curve  is  flattening  in  Australia.  But  is  it?  Fact  Check's  takes  a  look  at  the  data:  
Dr.  Stella  Immanuel  says  a  cure  has  been  found  for  COVID-19
The  image  of  a  boy  with  serious  injuries  is  that  of  a  Tablighi  Jamat  COVID-19  patient  who  was  beaten  up  by  police  in  India  after  he  misbehaved  with  the  nurses  in  the  hospital  where  he  was  admitted.
Our  daily  update  is  published.  States  reported  749k  tests  55k  cases  and  1253  deaths.  The  numbers  remain  heavily  caveated  by  different  kinds  of  reporting  problems  across  the  country.  
Coronavirus:  London  could  face  fresh  restrictions  under  mayor's  'new  plan'  
Covid  19  :  'Achha  Chalta  Hu'  Boy  breathed  his  hast  after  singing  a  Hindi  song
226  new  cases  of  131-Lagos  25-Ogun  15-Plateau  11-Edo  7-Kaduna  6-Oyo  5-FCT  5-Adamawa  4-Jigawa  4-Ebonyi  4-Borno  3-Nasarawa  2-Bauchi  2-Gombe  1-Enugu  1-Bayelsa  6401  cases  of  in  Nigeria  Discharged:  1734  Deaths:  192  
Amid  all  the  chaos  and  problems  caused  by  COVID-19  there  was  hope  that  physicians  would  get  a  break  on  their  complicated  payment  reporting  programs.  Alas
The  latest  CDC  report  shows  the  %  of  visits  to  doctors  offices  and  ERs  for  illnesses  with  symptoms  compatible  with  continued  to  decline  or  remain  stable  at  low  levels  likely  in  part  a  result  of  widespread  efforts  to  slow  the  spread:  
COVID-19  testing  could  be  done  with  mouth  swabs,  so  maybe  deeper  swabbing  is  implanting  something.
Bored  Woman  Sends  Anonymous  Threats  to  Neighbors  to  Lighten  Mood  
Pregnant  women  may  be  at  an  increased  risk  for  severe  illness  from  compared  to  nonpregnant  women.  Learn  more  in  
NEWS!  Jesus  arrested  after  emerging  from  his  tomb  during  lockdown  
There  is  no  one  in  New  Zealand  receiving  hospital-level  care  for  COVID-19.  Yesterday  our  laboratories  completed  1527  tests  bringing  the  total  completed  to  date  to  312648.  Full  update:  
Californias  testing  situation  remains  the  most  puzzling  of  any  state  which  adds  uncertainty  in  assessing  the  severity  of  the  states  overall  outbreak.
Ugandan  President  Museveni  has  shut  down  the  State  House  due  to  COVID-19.
Pence  Says  No  Virus  on  Toilet  Seats  
Thousands  Volunteer  to  Visit  North  Korean  Dictator  Kim  Rather  than  Stay  in  Cov-19  Lockdown  
Two  new  tests  which  can  detect  the  SARS-CoV-2  virus  in  only  90  minutes  are  to  be  rolled  out  across  the  UK  soon.  
Golf  courses  are  reopening  in  Ireland  on  2nd  May.
Its  difficult  to  understand  whats  happening  with  COVID-19  data  right  now  but  were  hoping  to  see  better  data  soon  as  CA  reporting  problems  are  fixed  FL  testing  gets  back  up  to  speed  and  hospital  data  improves  nationally.
As  the  clings  on  reasserting  itself  in  countries  like  the  UK  and  US  the  hopes  and  fears  of  politicians  scientists  and  the  rest  of  humanity  centre  on  a  relatively  small  number  of  vaccines  currently  in  development  
We  still  have  16  significant  clusters.  There  are  no  additional  deaths  to  report.Yesterday  our  laboratories  processed  6568  tests  bringing  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  209613.
Do  you  know  your  Spanish  flu  from  your  Asian  flu  your  Black  Death  from  your  Cholera?  Before  COVID-19  these  were  some  of  the  epidemics  and  pandemics  which  wreaked  havoc  upon  humanity:  
Faucian  Bargain:  Faucian  Dilemma:  
New  in  8  out  of  10  deaths  associated  with  occurred  in  older  adults.  Everyone  has  a  role  to  play  in  practicing  social  distancing  to  prevent  the  spread  of  COVID-19  and  protect  those  who  are  at  greatest  risk.  Read  more:  
A  doctor  named  Marcos  Vargasdied  at  the  Muz  Hospital  in  Argentina  for  treating  patients  with  COVID-19.
NEWS!  Smokers  cant  wait  for  pubs  to  reopen  so  they  can  spend  all  night  standing  outside  on  their  own  
People  in  the  city  of  Hyderabad,  India  are  not  following  social  distancing,  and  have  gone  outside  their  homes  to  shop  for  the  festival  of  Eid.
Dozens  of  dead  bodies  are  stacked  at  Lenox  Hill  Hospital  in  NYC  and  the  media  don't  want  to  show  this  tragic  image  of  the  pandemic.
Coronavirus  dies  in  26-27  degrees  temperature  according  to  UNICEF.
Three  cases  previously  included  as  Lagos  state  cases  have  been  transferred  to  Ogun  state.  The  three  cases  live  in  satellite  towns  in  Ogun  close  to  Lagos  Therefore  Lagos  State  has  reported  163  confirmed  cases  while  Ogun  State  has  reported  7  confirmed  cases
Augmentation  in  testing  capacity  in  India  Gradually  we  have  increased  our  testing  capacity  and  on  21st  August  2020  we  reached  the  landmark  of  testing  one  million  samples  in  a  day:  DG  
Coronavirus:  Healthcare  workers  fear  second  wave  after  witnessing  trauma  during  pandemic  
Relax,  I  developed  my  cooking  skills  during  Lockdown  2020    Get  your  apron  HERE  &gt;&gt;&gt;  
ICMR  establishes  3  new  testing  facilities  launched  by  Hon  PM  .These  labs  will:  increase  testing  capacity  reduce  turn-around-time  reduce  exposure  for  lab  personnel  
FIRST  CITY  IN  THE  WORLD  CONQUERS  COVID-19  WITH  CHLORINE  DIOXIDE.  MAYOR  OF  AUTONOMOUS  CITY  SAN  JOSE,  BOLIVIA  TAKES  BRAVE  STEP  IN  USING  CHLORINE  DIOXIDE  FIRST  ON  HIMSELF  TO  CURE  AND  THEN  THE  WHOLE  CITY  -  MAYOR  GERMAIN  -  A  HERO!  
The  claim  was  that  ginger  powder  cured  coronavirus  positive  patients  in  Mumbai,  advised  ayurveda  as  cure
Bill  Gates  wrote  a  letter  that  says  coronavirus  has  a  spiritual  purposeand  is  a  great  corrector.
COVID-19  update  There  are  no  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  New  Zealand  today.  It  has  been  98  days  since  the  last  case  of  COVID-19  was  acquired  locally  from  an  unknown  source.
This  means  New  Zealands  combined  total  of  confirmed  and  probable  cases  is  1499  of  which  1149  are  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19.We  now  have  1433  people  reported  as  having  recovered  from  COVID-19  an  increase  of  five  on  yesterday.  This  is  96%  of  all  cases.  
groBse  impt.  that  Covid  patients  R  ventillated  bitte.  Every  source  of  air  should  be  used  fans,  blowers,  open  windows-  doors  etc.  Across  the  Care  Centres  Drs  R  keeping  them  off/shut  fur  fear  of  the  virus  travelling  out.  The  Centre  be  im  remote..  Merci!  Entschuldigung  Swizerdeutsch
Guam  reported  105  new  cases  today  the  highest  single-day  number  so  far.  The  territory  is  also  reporting  testing  issues  as  DPHSS  is  reaching  its  storage  capacity  for  specimens.  DPHSS  said  there  will  be  a  delay  in  test  results.  
60%  of  the  total  cases  are  reported  from  only  five  states.  These  states  have  also  reported  maximum  new  recoveries  in  the  past  24  hours.  
Update  from  the  There  are  2  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  managed  isolation  in  New  Zealand.  Its  been  70  days  since  the  last  case  of  COVID-19  that  was  acquired  locally  from  an  unknown  source  in  the  community
Children  missing  out  on  routine  vaccination  due  to  could  lead  to  far  greater  avoidable  suffering  &amp;  death  than  the  pa
Man  visited  Albany  N.Y.  days  before  dying  from  coronavirus.A  video  (allegedly)  of  the  Hospital  das  Clnicas  So  Paulo.  It  shows  an  empty  waiting  room.  The  person  filming  says  that  the  government  is  lying  when  it  says  there  are  COVID-19  patients  in  the  hospital.  US  state-owned  media-services  provider  Nites  TV  is  now  free  for  everyone  to  encourage  people  to  stay  home.    31  coronavirus  patients  have  recovered  in  Ghana.  Claims  that  drinking  boiled  garlic  water  cures  novel  coronavirus.  The  total  number  of  COVID-19  deaths  decreased  in  Manaus  Brazil  from  150  to  2  after  a  visit  from  health  minister  Nelson  Teich.  This  happened  because  he  started  to  investigate  fraudulent  deaths.    30  cases  of  new  coronavirus  in  the  city  of  Barranquilla  in  Colombia.  Mumbai  city's  municipal  body  asks  people  to  drink  boiled  water  as  a  remedy  to  coronavirus.    Trump  claims  Speaker  Nancy  Pelosi  deleted  a  tweet  about  her  visit  to  Chinatown  in  February    Some  reporters  visited  the  British  Prime  Minister  Boris  Johnson  after  he  recovered  from  his  illness.  His  home  looks  like  an  old  abandoned  military  hut  with  very  old  brick  walls.  The  living  room  was  too  small  so  brought  out  the  tea  tray  for  the  reporters.  All  the  cups  are  different.  He  met  them  with  disheveled  hair  and  casual  clothes  but  with  the  confident  smile  of  a  Prime  Minister    The  Bill  and  Melinda  Gates  Foundation  headquarters  is  called  the  "Centre  for  Global  Human  Population  Reduction".  Doctors  cannon  lose  their  professional  license  for  refusing  to  prescribe  hydroxychloroquine.  Mass  disinfection  of  people  using  a  chemical  solution  will  eradicate  COVID-19  .    The  image  shows  COVID-19  patients  and  the  state  of  coronavirus  isolation  ward  in  Pakistan.  A  viral  image  of  a  doctor  who  died  from  treating  patients  with  coronavirus  at  the  Llano  de  Corrientes  Hospital  Argentina.  Fennel  tea  is  a  cure  against  the  new  coronavirus.  Komal  Mishra  a  staff  nurse  at  a  hospital  in  Pune  India  died  while  due  to  coronavirus.    Tablik  Jamaat  Chief  Maulana  Saad:  "If  70000  people  get  coronavirus  India  will  be  destroyed.  The  country  will  be  in  our  possession.
CDC:  Almost  12%  of  flu  patients  suffer  an  acute  CV  event  that  likely  prolongs  hospitalization  and  increases  risk  of  death.  
Adam  Silver,  Strip  Clubs,  and  the  NBA  Bubble  
There  are  77  people  linked  to  the  community  cluster  who  remain  at  the  Auckland  quarantine  facility  which  includes  60  people  who  have  tested  positive  for  COVID-19.
Maduro's  administration  has  authorized  the  use  of  chloroquine,  a  medication  to  treat  malaria  that  can  cause  heart  problems  if  not  used  properly,[565]  and  interferon  alfa-2b,[565]  an  antiviral  used  on  a  small  scale  in  China  that  has  been  promoted  by  Cuba's  government,  labeled  sometimes  even  as  a  "vaccine".
BREAKING  NEWS:  Russias  COVID-19  Vaccine  100%  Successfully  Tested  ready  for  use
A  video  shows  a  hospital  guard  who  collapsed  in  a  hospital  in  JosC.  Paz  Argentina
Trump  Hails  PositiveTalks  With  Covid-19  
There  is  ongoing  work  by  our  National  Contact  Testing  Centre  to  follow  up  all  possible  contacts  of  the  two  women.  The  number  has  expanded  as  we  have  now  included  all  hotel  workers.
Says  only  certain  face  masks  are  effective  and  others,  such  as  cloth  masks,  are  not.
Headache  may  be  a  key  symptom  of  
A  drug  made  from  cow  urine  or  pigeon  membrane  can  cure  coronavirus.
Netflixs  Are  You  Still  Watchingonly  social  contact  in  days    
Covid-19  is  NOT  killing  people.  Weak  immune  systems  and  bad  doctors  are.
CDC  recommends  men  shave  their  beards  to  be  protected  against  the  new  coronavirus.
Looking  for  ways  to  help  while  Quarantined?  Support  local  businesses  by  ordering  takeout  or  buying  gift  cards  Donate  blood  via  Donate  to  your  local  food  banks  Check  in  with  your  neighbors  especially  those  living  alone  Most  Importantly  
news!  Carona  virus  vaccine  ready.  Able  to  cure  patient  within  3  hours  after  injection.  Hats  off  to  US  Scientists.  Trump  announced  that  Roche  Medical  Company  will  launch  the  vaccine  next  Sunday,  and  millions  of  doses  are  ready  from  it!
Indias  confirmed  case  count  crosses  ten  lakh  maintaining  its  position  as  the  third-worst  affected  country  in  the  world.  Indias  first  potential  coronavirus  vaccine  Bharat  Biotechs  Covaxin  begins  its  human  trials  in  PGI  Rohtak  today.  
Tory  MP  Nick  Fletcher  suggests  people  undergo  a  "personal  COVID  risk  assessment"  which  would  decide  whether  people  should  shield  The  PM  says  people  with  mild  symptoms  can  pass  on  unwittingly  saying  "your  harmless  cough  can  be  someone  else's  death  knell"  
Japans  Nobel  Prize  winning  Professor  of  Medicine  Professor  Dr  Tasuku  Honjo  has  claimed  that  the  coronavirus  is  not  natural  and  that  China  manufactured  it.
The  reported  death  toll  today  is  1760  about  the  same  as  last  Friday.  Only  two  states  reported  over  200  deaths  today  (NY  and  PA).  
The  latest  update  from  Today  we  are  reporting  3  new  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19.Two  cases  are  linked  to  the  St  Margarets  Hospital  &amp;  Rest  Home  in  Auckland.  The  individuals  are  both  nurses  at  Waitakere  Hospital.  
Neil  Ferguson  and  Imperial  did  not  produce  a  model  for  Sweden  pointing  to  85000  deaths  
Neem  leaves  powder  can  cure  corona  within  hours  please  share  this  video  allah  had  blessed  us  with  the  corona  vaccine.
The  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  is  now  1204  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  World  Health  Organization.
Govt  of  India  released  the  1st  instalment  of  State  Disaster  Response  Fund  amounting  to  Rs.  11092  crore  to  State  Govts  on  3rd  April  2020  to  strengthen  the  States  to  deal  with  Union  Minister  
A  Chinese  report  has  mapped  the  COVID19  outbreak  n  for  some  reason  seems  to  indicate  epicentres  around  40Deg  latitude  -  co-incidence  or  is  there  something  to  be  researched?  Southern  Hemisphere  seems  to  be  unaffected  as  yet!
Headline  claims  that  North  Macedonia  has  not  received  medical  help  from  the  European  Union.
Closing  up  the  shop  for  the  night.  We're  showing  19066  tests.  2182  positives.  Here  are  the  four  states  with  the  largest  known  outbreaks:  WA  NY  CA  MA.  
There  are  cases  of  the  news  coronavirus  in  Maturn  city.
I  am  the  physician  that  discovered  the  cure  for  CORONA  when  I  myself  had  it:  it  is  Colloidal  Silver,  another  word  for  liquid  silver,  a  natural  antibiotic.  Tell  every1;  I'm  an  isolated  individual  having  trouble  spreading  the  msg,  but  happy  to  greet  survivers...
24  hour  lockdown  in  Telangana  State  from  this  Tuesday
Even  with  such  high  daily  testing  levels  daily  Positivity  Rate  is  below  7.5%  while  cumulative  Positivity  Rate  is  less  than  8.5%.  This  reflects  that  the  Centre-led  strategy  of  TEST  TRACK  TREAT  is  being  effectively  implemented  by  most  of  the  States/UTs.  
Instagram  posts  marketing  Cinchona  bark  powder  as  the  substance  from  which  the  drug  chloroquine  is  made  and  suggesting  the  powder  as  a  potential  protection  or  cure  for  COVID-19.
52%  of  the  new  cases  are  concentrated  in  five  states.  These  are  also  the  States  contributing  maximum  to  the  new  recoveries.  Maharashtra  contributed  more  than  20000  to  the  new  cases.  Andhra  Pradesh  &amp;  Karnataka  both  have  contributed  more  than  8000.  
States  reported  1261  deaths  and  the  7-day  average  fell  to  its  lowest  since  early  April.  
As  a  bank  employer  your  workers  could  be  exposed  to  the  virus  that  causes  while  doing  their  job.  New  information  from
Says  The  Simpsonspredicted  the  coronavirus.
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Weve  now  tracked  6.8  million  tests  up  ~265k  from  yesterday  another  big  day.  Note  that  we  can  only  track  tests  that  a  state  reports.  For  details  see:  
Nicola  Sturgeon  announces  that  "visiting  other  households  will  not  be  permitted"  in  Scotland  from  tomorrow.  The  policy  will  be  reviewed  every  three  weeks.  Follow  live  analysis:  
As  the  Republican  National  Convention  nears  here's  a  round  up  of  recent  claims  from  and  other  Republicans  on  COVID-19  the  economy  and  more.  
As  entire  families  fall  sick  with  in  Delhi,  the  chemists  talk  of  shortage  of  anti  viral  medicines  like  Fabiflu...  Its  difficult  to  get  other  medicines  too.  Kejriwal  asks  them  to  quarantine  themselves  at  home  but  the  system  of  follow  up  by  the  govt  exists  only  on  paper.
Multiple  studies  all  said  for  decades,  masks  do  not  work  with  viruses.
Thieves  disguised  as  doctors  and  nurses  entering  houses  with  the  excuse  of  testing  for  coronavirus.
WHO:  transmission  may  include  viral  particles  that  remain  airborne  for  longer  than  previously  understood.  
UPDATE  The  total  recovered  cases  stand  at  3859399.  The  gap  between  Recovered  cases  &amp;  Active  cases  has
Prince  Charles  warns  climate  crisis  will  'dwarf  the  impact'  of  coronavirus  pandemic  
Says  to  leave  objects  in  the  sun  to  avoid  contracting  the  coronavirus.
The  Argentine  Electoral  Chamber  announced  that  the  legislative  elections  of  2021  will  be  eliminated.
_Israeli  scientists  have  developed  a  COVID-19  vaccine._
Kenyan  electoral  commission  (IEBC)  has  hinted  at  postponing  the  2022  general  elections.
The  thing  they  are  doing  here  in  Dehradun  to  recover  is  that  1.  Mix  betadine  in  a  glass  of  water  and  gargle  with  it.  This  inhibits  the  spread  of  virus  from  throat  to  lungs  2.  Take  immunity  tablets  like  Coronil  to  keep  your  system  strong  God  bless  you...TC  Ash
I  would  like  to  thank  those  countries  and  economies  who  have  announced  publicly  they  are  joining  COVAX  this  week  and  the  Many  more  countries  have  joined  and  we  look  forward  to  being  able  to  share  the  full  list  in  due  course-
We  are  instituting  some  changes  in  how  we  report  our  data  in  the  API.  Pending  will  no  longer  be  included  in  the  totals  replaced  by  positive+negative  completed  tests.  Pending  has  always  been  a  slippery  number  and  it  seems  to  be  getting  worse.  
17  Docters  n  nersus  died  yesterday  in  italy  whith  the  others  739  died  pray  for  italy  bros  n  sis
After  weeks  of  the  outbreak  concentrating  ever  more  in  the  South  today  saw  a  slightly  lower  percentage  of  cases  detected  in  the  region.  
Endothelial  cell  injury  plays  a  major  role  in  the  pathogenesis  of  COVID-19-associated  coagulopathy  according  to  new  study.  
Among  individual  states  two  stand  out  for  different  reasons.  First  New  Jersey's  case  total  jumped  from  267  to  427.  Unfortunately  they  only  report  total  tests  by  their  own  public  health  lab  so  we  don't  know  the  true  denominator  for  the  positives.  
Anthony  Scaramucci  Says  He  Knows  Why  Donald  Trump  Did  Not  Want  To  Get  Tested  For  The  Coronavirus  
3  (cont'd):  This  is  good  news  in  the  sense  that  COVID  patients  spending  less  time  in  the  hospital  reduces  strain  on  hospitals.  Unfortunately  though  one  of  the  reasons  COVID  patients  are  spending  less  time  in  hospitals  is  that  they  are  dying  quicker  than  initial  data  suggested.
Use  caution  when  relying  on  gaiters  and  face  shields  to  help  protect  yourself  and  others  from  Researchers  are  currently  investigating  their  effectiveness.  Learn  more:  
The  fewer  people  we  meet  and  the  fewer  journeys  we  make  the  safer  we  all  are.  Welsh  First  Minister  Mark  Drakeford  sets  out  new  national  measures  coming  into  force  in  Wales.  Get  the  latest  on  the  new  restrictions:  
General  Donald  Trump  Is  In  Charge  Of  Coronavirus  
Breathing  in  hot  air  from  sauna  or  hairdryer  can  kill  the  novel  coronavirus.
is  recommended  only  for  a  healthcare  worker  who  is  treating  a  patient.  Secondly  it's  rec
Cindy  McCain  Becomes  Second  Republican  to  Join  Joe  Biden's  Transition  Team  I,  too,  am  widow  of  distinguished  US  military  officer.Would  not  affiliate  w/  Biden-deep  $$$  ties  to  adversary  CCP  that  stuck  down  Americans  in  launched  bioweapon/COVID19  on  US  soil.
Video  of  passengers  infected  with  coronavirus  on  an  Ethiopian  Airlines  flight  from  Italy  that  reached  Addis  Ababa  airport.
Muslim  man  is  spitting  on  food  in  a  restaurant  in  India.
Depending  on  progress  made  the  committee  may  present  an  interim  progress  report  to  the  resumed  in  November  and  a  final  report  to  the  in  May  next  year-
Imported  are  ineffective  against  raising  the  risk  of  infection  to  HCPs  and  patients.  
For  a  breakdown  of  cases  by  states  in  real  time  please  see  Currently;  Lagos-  30  FCT-  8  Ogun-  3  Ekiti-  1  Oyo-  1  Edo-  1  Bauchi-1  Osun-1  Total:  46  confirmed  cases  
Black  and  Latino  people  in  the  U.S.  are  3  times  as  likely  to  contract  the  coronavirus  than  their  white  neighbors  and  nearly
Prince  Harry  and  Meghan  Markle  Blame  President  Trump  For  The  Coronavirus  Getting  Totally  Out  of  Hand  
Nearly  74%  of  the  total  Active  Casesare  in  nine  most  affected  States.  Maharashtra  Karnataka  and  Andhra  Pradesh  contribute  more  than  48%  of  the  total  active  cases.  Details  :  
I'm  not  sure  even  that  is  a  good  comparison.  Most  states  know  they  aren't  capturing  all  the  hospitals.  -
The  steep  rise  in  Recoveries  indicates  that  India's  collaborative  graded  and  evolving  response  strategy  has  borne  results.
Another  11  people  who  tested  positive  for  have  died  in  hospital  in  England  bringing  the  total  confirmed  deaths  in  hospitals  to  29687  NHS  England  says.  Follow  this  story  live  
Preventive  measures  to  prevent  Covid.  HCQ  -  hydroquinone  is  a  popular  (controversial)  prophylactic  medicine.      In  homeopathy,  they  say  Arsenicum  Album  is  one.      Many  kadhas  are  being  downed  by  people  as  a  prophylactic  measure.
The  7-day  average  of  COVID-19  deaths  remained  above  1000  as  it  has  since  July  30.  However  reported  deaths  were  lower  than  the  previous  Tuesday  for  the  first  time  in  5  weeks.  Tuesdays  in  dark  grey  below.  
.claimed  a  GOP  bill  calls  for  "no  medical  malpractice  suits  until  2024  even  if  they're  not  COVID-related."  We  fact-checked  him  
A  COVID-19  patient  was  caught  by  the  police  in  the  Gorakhpur  district  in  the  state  of  Uttar  Pradesh  India.
Were  down  near  the  low  end  of  per  capita  deaths  ...  Most  places  are  at  60  deaths  per  100000.  We're  at  29.
NEWS!  Government  advises  using  witchcraft  to  boost  immunity  during  coronavirus  epidemic  
Fox  News  Report  on  US  President  Trump  testing  positive  for  COVID-19.
Kia  ora  contact  details  are  sent  to  the  National  Close  Contact  Service  if  you're  identified  as  someone  who  has  been  in  close  contact  with  someone  with  COVID-19.  You  can  find  the  details  here:  
The  number  of  tests  completed  by  laboratories  yesterday  was  9825.  That  brings  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  378257.  There  will  still  be  wide  testing  of  people  with  cold  or  flu-like  symptoms  as  part  of  our  ongoing  community  testing  for  the  virus
Footballer  Ronaldo  is  turning  his  hotels  into  COVID-19  hospitals.
Police  caught  7  Muslims  who  were  spreading  coronavirus  in  Delhi.
Claim  that  despite  the  fact  that  the  crisis  headquarters  in  the  North  Macedonian  town  of  Stip  announced  that  the  textile  factories  in  Stip  will  be  closed  due  to  established  cases  of  coronavirus  infections  some  of  the  factories  are  still  working.
10  Italian  doctors  have  died  due  to  They  died  trying  to  save  people's  lives  and  in  return  sacrificed  theirs.  My  condolences  to  their  Families.  
The  CDC  did  not  reduce  its  COVID-19  Florida  case  count  and  the  CDC  did  not  admit  any  kind  of  systematic  error  in  its  counting  of  Florida  coronavirus  cases.  
Our  Weekly  Epidemiological  Report  provides  updates  on  epidemic-prone  diseases  in  Nigeria  This  week's  editorial  focuses  on  the  scale-up  of  testing  in  all  36  states  &amp;  FCT  through  the  national  testing  strategy  Read  via:  
Scientists  do  not  know  if  having  antibodies  to  the  virus  that  causes  can  protect  someone  from  getting  infected  again  or  how  long  protection  may  last.  If  you  test  positive  continue  to  take  preventive  measures  to  protect  yourself  &amp;  others.  More:  
Union  Health  Ministry  urges  States/UTs  to  ensure  that  no  restriction  is  imposed  on  the  movement  of  Medical  Oxygen  between  States.  
Sri  Lanka's  KDU  hospital  will  be  dedicated  to  treat  only  VIP  COVID-19  patients.
Britons  are  set  to  bask  in  even  warmer  temperatures  on  Sunday  as  people  are  urged  to  keep  following  restrictions  while  cases  rise  
!  As  India  records  more  recoveries  than  the  new  cases  the  gap  between  Recovered  Cases  &amp;  the  Acti
Allergic  rhinitis  and  asthma  may  increase  risk  of  severe  COVID.  
Starting  Now!  Join  and  in  a  live  discussion  about  COVID-19  misinformation.  
Mondays  numbers  normally  show  some  weekend  lag.  And  today  is  no  different.  States  reported  16k  new  cases  about  the  same  as  last  Monday.  The  7-day  average  basically  stayed  the  same.  
Man's  Friend  Thinks  China  Started  Coronavirus  To  Destroy  Western  Economies  
Donald  Trump  promised  to  bring  back  jobs,  but  his  policies  crushed  the  manufacturing  sectorand  that  was  true  even  before  COVID-19.    Ill  revitalize  American  manufacturing  and  innovation  and  create  millions  of  good-paying  jobs  so  we  can  build  back  better.  
Total  Cases  in  India  (as  on  September  17  2020)  78.64%  Cured/Discharged/Migrated  (4025079)  19.73%  Active  cases  (1009976)  1.63%  Deaths  (83198)  Total  COVID-19  confirmed  cases  =  Cured/Discharged/Migrated+Active  cases+Deaths  
Multiple  posts  on  Facebook  and  Twitter  claim  the  WHO  has  warned  against  eating  cabbage  during  the  novel  coronavirus  pandemic.
567  positive  cases  and  39  deaths  from  COVID-19  were  recorded  in  Mali  on  April  13  2020.
Our  daily  update  is  published.  As  per  usual  the  numbers  today  are  lower  than  earlier  in  the  week.  States  reported  856k  tests  62k  new  cases  and  558  deaths.The  7-day  average  for  daily  deaths  is  now  over  900  back  where  it  was  in  early  June.  
Updated  on  May  6:  Reported  U.S.  cases  of  total  close  to  1.2  million  with  21  states  reporting  more  than  10000  COVID-19  cases.  County-level  data  and  number  of  new  cases  by  day  are  now  available.  Visit  
The  pandemic  must  be  a  catalyst  for  taking  other  vaccinepreventable  diseases  seriously.  There  are  vaccinations  against  pneumococcal  disease  and  influenza,  yet  uptake  in  older  people  (and  those  in  at  riskcategories)  in  most  places  is  pretty  poor.  
_A  post  claims  a  COVID-19  vaccine  has  already  been  developed  and  will  cause  widespread  infertility._
As  Indias  confirmed  case  count  rose  to  27.6  lakh  the  number  of  recoveries  in  the  country  crossed  20  lakh.  Uttar  Pradesh  Minister  of  State  for  Health  and  Family  Welfare  Atul  Garg  tested  positive  for  coronavirus.  
No  Response  from  the  Government  to  the  Nurses  Staff  in  Civil  Hospitals  regards  there  Safety  and  Security,  due  to  this  all  people  of  Telangana  Suffering  from  it,  if  they  have  seasonal  cold  and  cough  or  fever  they  are  worried  about  to  go  for  Hospital  due  to  COVID  19.  Telangana  Government  should  think  about  the  situation  and  solve  the  problem  as  soon  as  possible,  
Nobel  Laureate  Dr.  Honjo  has  claimed  COVID-19  virus  to  be  man  made  in  Wuhan  Laboratory.
Schools  could  be  forced  to  close  partially  or  fully  because  of  a  lack  of  tests  for  staff  with  symptoms  a  headteacher  has  warned  
There  are  nearly  330  million  people  in  the  United  States  and  according  to  the  Trump  White  House,  we've  only  conducted  5.4  million  COVID-19  tests.  It's  abysmal.    Donald  Trump  needs  to  scale  up  testing,  and  he  needs  to  do  it  immediately.
Fauci  and  Newsom  get  down  to  it  in  dark  little  club  on  collapsing  virus  narrative  
On  a  steep  rise  India  conducts  more  than  4.23  cr  tests.  43%  of  total  cases  recorded  in  just  3  States-Maharashtra  AP  Karnataka.  More  details  at:  
Posts  shared  more  than  2000  times  on  social  media  appear  to  show  a  2009  tweet  from  Donald  Trump  criticizing  then-president  Barack  Obamas  handling  of  the  H1N1  pandemic  and  placing  ALL  responsibilityon  presidents  in  a  crisis.
A  front  page  article  by  the  Southern  Times  cautioning  against  travel  to  Kenya  because  of  the  growing  number  of  cases  in  Kenya.
As  of  June  29  forecasts  suggest  11  states  are  likely  to  report  more  deaths  in  the  next  4  weeks  than  the  previous  4  weeks.  Nationally  between  140000  and  160000  total  deaths  are  expected  by  July  24:  
Says  99%  of  COVID-19  cases  are  totally  harmless.
The  latest  CDC  report  shows  that  the  proportion  of  death  certificates  coded  as  being  related  to  decreased  from  24.8%  two  weeks  ago  to  14.6%  this  week.  
176  new  cases  of  95-Lagos  31-Oyo  11-FCT  8-Niger  8-Borno  6-Jigawa  4-Kaduna  3-Anambra  2-Edo  2-Rivers  2-Nasarawa  2-Bauchi  1-Benue  1-Zamfara  5621  cases  of  in  Nigeria  Discharged:  1472  Deaths:  176  
25%  of  states  have  seen  their  highest  new  cases  number  this  week.  
BidenSoetoro  funneled  illegal  $millions  through  Faucci's  NIH  into  China's  "Wuhan  Institute  of  Viralogy's"  coronavirus  bioweapon  program  which  congress  expressly  prohibited  BidenSooetoro  from  working  on.  BidenSoetoro,  CCP&amp;  associates  caused  this  present  Covid  bioweapon  disaster.  
At  the  same  time  we  are  responding  to  by  expanding  testing  and  treatment  buying  urgently  needed  medicines  and  protecting  health  care  workers.  -
We  are  continuing  our  progress  with  contacting  people  who  have  left  managed  isolation  facilities  between  the  9th-16th  of  June.  1269  of  these  have  been  contacted  and  have  tested  negative  that  includes  800  that  were  tested  prior  to  departure.
Modi  claims  1  crore  corona  patients  have  been  treated  for  free  but  India  has  less  than  2  Lakh  cases.    Whole  world  has  ~62L  positives  as  of  today.    Who  the  hell  has  he  been  treating?    Who  is  the  real  PAPPU?
Children  with  COVID-19  MIS  show  symptoms  that  involve  the  CNS  and  PNS.  
Influenza  and  coronavirus  vaccines  are  more  likely  to  cause  upper  respiratory  tract  infections.  All  COVID-19  tests  shows  positive  result.
We  cannot  solve  problems  of  over  60  years  in  6  weeks  As  we  work  hard  to  reduce  risk  infection  to  health  care  workers  on  the  frontlines  we  need  a  fundamental  change  in  our  approach  to  infection  prevention  &amp;  control  in  hospitals~  at  
Practice  social  distancing  by  putting  space  between  yourself  and  others.  Continue  to  practice  healthy  habits  like  washing  your  hands  for  at  least  20  seconds  and  staying  home  if  youre  sick  to  help  slow  the  spread  of  Learn  more:  
As  of  today  there  are  1549  Dedicated  hospitals  3092  Dedicated  Health  Centres  11555  Care  Centres  and  12949  
A  further  393  people  have  been  spoken  with  and  referred  for  testing.
Principal  Secretary  to  Prime  Minister  Comprehensively  Reviews  Unlock  with  precautions  &amp;  preparedness  to  be  key  focus  areas.  Vaccine  development  also  discussed.  
There  are  three  additional  previously  reported  cases  now  considered  to  have  recovered  from  COVID-19.  Our  total  number  of  active  cases  is  62;  of  those  28  are  imported  cases  in  MIQ  facilities  and  34  are  community  cases.  Our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  is  1468
Drinking  pigeon  membrane  slurry  can  cure  COVID-19.
He  said,  if  college  or  school  not  provide  premises  then  he  will  take  action,not  on  the  covid  pandemic  ,wowoicai  have  taken  tension  of  availability  of  college  or  school,  not  covid  pandemic,  so    
Videograph  shows  COVID-19  is  more  dangerous  than  former  outbreaks.
Tucker  Carlson  claimed  the  coronavirus  poses  virtually  zero  threatto  children  and  most  teachers.  The  risk  of  death  from  COVID-19  increases  with  age  but  Carlsons  claim  ignores  the  risk  of  illness  hospitalization  and  long-term  health  problems.  
_A  team  of  medical  trainees  from  JKUAT  (a  university  in  Kenya)  have  developed  and  tested  a  vaccine  successfully._
Our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  is  now  1425  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  World  Health  Organization.  Yesterday  our  laboratories  processed  3991  tests  for  COVID-19  bringing  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  818629.
NZ  COVID  Tracer  has  now  recorded  620000  registered  users.  There  have  been  80789  posters  created  to  date  and  1573159  poster  scans.
No  other  countryis  having  a  second  waveof  COVID-19  because  they  are  not  trying  to  unseat  a  President  in  November.
2reduce  deaths  by  protecting  vulnerable  groups  incl.  older  people  those  with  underlying  conditions  and  essential  workers.  Countries  that  do  this  well  may  be  able  to  cope  with  low  levels  of  transmission  as  they  open  up.-
Its  ...  a  very  messy  number  especially  in  a  time  series.  You  could  get  a  number  that  reflects  today  but  it  would  be  a  mix  of  cumulative  hospitalizations  for  some  states  and  daily  totals  for  others
Several  countries  across  Europe  have  announced  new  restrictions  in  some  of  their  largest  cities  after  recent  surges  in  infections  
Kalonji  seeds  (Nigella  Seeds)  contain  hydroxychloroquine  and  can  help  cure  COVID-19.
Image  of  a  critically  ill  COVID-19  infected  woman  hugging  her  child  for  the  last  time  before  her  death.
Among  states  that  had  an  early  outbreak  most  are  now  in  decent  shape  with  lots  of  testing  and  very  new  cases.  NY  for  example  had  a  positive  rate  under  1%  today.  Louisiana  may  be  an  exception.  Cases  are  rising  again  and  now  hospitalizations  have  stopped  falling  too.  
The  SLPP  (Ruling  Party  in  Sri  Lanka)  symbol  has  been  used  in  Sathosa  (State  owned  retail  chain)  spice  packaging  as  part  of  political  campaign  during  relief  distribution  amid  COVID-19.
Similar  arrangements  are  being  investigated  in  Rotorua  but  in  the  meantime  the  confirmed  case  has  been  transferred  to  the  Jet  Park  hotel.  
10000  deaths  In  virus  outbreak  in  Michigan  Washington  Idaho  North  Dakota  Missouri  Mississippi.
Hantavirus  is  being  compared  with  novel  coronavirus.  Message  describes  recent  hantavirus  case  in  China  and  says  that  32  people  in  one  bus  were  diagnosed  with  hantavirus.
Update  from  the  Today  there  are  no  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  New  Zealand.It  has  now  been  82  days  since  the  last  case  of  COVID-19  was  acquired  locally  from  an  unknown  source.  The  total  number  of  active  cases  in  New  Zealand  remains  at  27.
Suspected  Corona  patient  in  Hajipur  Jail
Trump  has  taken  a  step  toward  his  promise  to  eliminate  the  J-1  visa  by  suspending  many  subcategories  of  the  visas  but  a  temporary  suspension  amid  the  coronavirus  pandemic  is  not  the  equivalent  of  getting  rid  of  the  visas  forever.  
In  India  around  9.5  lakh  individuals  have  recovered  from  COVID-19  so  far.  Human  trials  of  the  Oxford-AstraZeneca  Covid-19  vaccine  will  now  be  conducted  at  five  sites  across  the  country  for  its  final  phase.  
245  new  cases  of  131-Lagos  16-Jigawa  13-Ogun  12-Borno  9-Kaduna  9-Oyo  9-Rivers  9-Ebonyi  8-Kano  7-Kwara  5-Katsina  3-Akwa  Ibom  3-Sokoto  2-Bauchi  2-Yobe  1-Anambra  1-Gombe  1-Niger  1-Ondo  1-Plateau  1-FCT  1-Bayelsa  7261  cases  of  in  Nigeria  Discharged:  2007  Deaths:  221  
YOU  said  India  can  help  the  world  via  mass  vaccine  production  but  who  seriously  gives  a  dam  when  India  gave  away  Hydroxy  chloroquine  when  it  was  nothing  but  hoax  for  Covid  Cure.  Help  God!
If  you  are  in  Las  Vegas  and  you  get  a  knock  on  your  door  from  NV  Power,  2020  Census  or  CVD-19  testers,  do  not  open  your  door.  They  are  robbing  people  at  gunpoint.
Twitter  suspended  the  account  of  Aytu  BioScience  to  make  Trump  look  bad
Indias  Total  Recoveries  cross  14.2  lakh.  Compared  globally  India  has  one  of  the  lowest  cases  per  million  at  1469  as  against  the  global  average  of  2425.  
The  interim  guideline  on  the  use  of  dexamethasone  &amp;  other  corticosteroids  for  the  treatment  of  is  based  on  evidence  collected  from  8  clinical  trials.  More:  
Did  You  Already  Have  Coronavirus?  Heres  A  Simple  Test  
Donald  Trump  said  Brazil  is  the  only  country  in  which  the  Supreme  Court  is  hampering  the  national  government's  ability  to  deal  with  COVID-19.  Also  he  criticized  Brazilian  state  governors.
EASE  OF  LOCKDOWN  While  mass  gatherings  &amp;  travel  remain  restricted  individuals  &amp;  businesses  are  adviced  to;  Provide  facilities  for  hand  hygiene  Adhere  to  physical  distancing  Discourage  sharing  of  materials  Educate  staff  on  
Cindy  McCain  becomes  second  republican  to  join  Joe  Biden's  transition  team  I,  too,  am  widow  of  distinguished  US  military  officer.  I  would  never  affiliate  myself  w/  Biden-deep  $  ties  to  adversary  CCP  that  stuck  down  US-launched  bioweapon  COVID19  on  US  soil.
Maharashtra  Karnataka  Andhra  Pradesh  Uttar  Pradesh  Tamil  Nadu  compose  close  to  60%  of  the  
Dublin  Canals  Run  Clear  Amid  Covid  Lockdown  Revealing  Beautiful  Shopping  Trolleys,  Handguns  
NEWS!  Government  tells  people  unable  to  take  Covid  tests  they  will  be  allowed  to  use  their  predicted  results  
As  at  09:00  pm  8th  April  there  are  276  confirmed  cases  44  discharged  6  deaths  For  more  info-  Lagos-  145  FCT-  54  Osun-  20  Oyo-  11  Edo-  12  Bauchi-  8  Akwa  Ibom-  5  Kaduna-  5  Ogun-  4  Enugu-  2  Ekiti-  2  Rivers-2  Benue-  1  Ondo-  1  Kwara-  2  Delta-  1  Katsina-1
In  Kenya  the  National  Council  For  Persons  With  Disabilities
As  of  April  15  50  US  states  D.C.  &amp;  4  US  territories  have  reported  cases  of  COVID-19.  Of  those  34  report  cases  are  widespread.  When  out  for  essential  trips  wear  a  cloth  face  covering  &amp;  keep  6+  ft  of  physical  distance  between  yourself  &amp;  others.  
We  just  posted  new  numbers.  Missing  the  private  labs  is  going  to  hurt  transparency  quite  severely  we  think.  -
340  new  cases  of  Kaduna-63  FCT-51  Plateau-38  Lagos-33  Delta-25  Gombe-21  Adamawa-21  Edo-20  Katsina-17  Akwa  Ibom-11  Ekiti-10  Rivers-9  Ondo-5  Ebonyi-4  Cross  River-3  Ogun-3  Sokoto-2  Imo-2  Nasarawa-2  51304  confirmed  37885  discharged  996  deaths  
Kia  ora  Brandon  sorry  you've  had  a  frustrating  experience.  The  development  team  are  working  to  address  compatibility  issues.  Please  call  the  Ministry  on  0800  800  606  or  email  your  query  and/or  feedback  to  tracingapp-feedback
PPE  shortages  are  so  dire  that  nursing  homes  are  turning  to  Etsy.  
Over  the  weekend  President  Trump  retweeted  two  posts  that  misconstrue  CDC  data  about  COVID-19  deaths.  I  wrote  about  why  they'
Coronavirus:  Patient  Zero  Undergoing  Mutation  
Lemon  bicarbonate  as  tea  and  green  tea  can  treat  and  prevent  coronavirus.
Parents:  Closing  schools  is  one  way  to  slow  the  spread  of  but  as  you  know  being  home  all  the  time  can  be  hard.  Find  tips  to  support  the  health  and  well-being  of  yourself  and  your  children  while  youre  home  together:  
I'm  running  a  fever  again.  Been  suffering  from  a  throat  infection  on  and  off  for  one  and  a  half  months  and  I  swear  I'm  ready  to  gargle  with  acid  instead  of  salt  water,  see  if  it  helps.  Constantly  terrified  I  have  Covid  (I  don't)  but  I  can't  do  anything  or  see  anyone  just  in  case  
There  is  no  one  in  New  Zealand  receiving  hospital-level  care  for  COVID-19.The  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  remains  at  1206  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  World  Health  Organization.
Funding  from  South  Korea  helps  WHO  support  improvements  to  reproductive  health  services  in  Uganda  so  they  keep  them  going  during  More  than  1M  pregnant  women  &amp;  newborn  babies  are  expected  to  benefit  from  the  support.  
Trump  faints  is  infected  with  coronavirus.
Everyone  reacts  differently  to  stressful  situations.  Finding  ways  to  practice  can  help  reduce  your  stress  during  the  pandemic.  Find  ways  to  cope  with  stress:  
Americans  Find  Cornoavirus  Best  Warded  Off  by  Lying  on  Couch  and  Watching  a  Lot  of  T.V.  
The  new  coronavirus  "causes  sudden  death  syndrome."
...case  need  to  be  tested  once  between  day  5  and  day  9  of  coming  into  contact.  A  study  by  researchers  at  Johns  Hopkins  Bloomberg  School  of  Public  Health  Johns  Hopkins  School  of  Medicine  National  Institute  of  Allergy&amp;  Infectious  Diseases  says  based  on...  (2/3)
There  is  no  one  in  New  Zealand  receiving  hospital-level  care  for  COVID-19.Yesterday  our  laboratories  completed  1824  tests.  That  brings  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  428600.  Our  seven-day  rolling  daily  average  of  tests  is  2053.
NEWS!  Production  of  The  Batman  paused  after  Robert  Pattinson  catches  Covid  from  wearing  a  mask  that  didnt  cover  his  mouth  
Rumours  have  spread  on  social  media  claiming  the  Federal  Government  pays  aged-care  facilities  when  they  record  a  death.  But  there's  no  basis  to  them.  Don't  believe  the  misinformation  you  read  on  the  internet.  Read  instead:  
_A  video  of  former  Iraqi  dictator  Saddam  Hussein  has  been  shared  repeatedly  on  Facebook  Twitter  and  Instagram  alongside  a  claim  it  shows  him  stating  the  U.S  threatened  to  spread  the  novel  coronavirus  in  Iraq  during  a  meeting  in  the  1990s._
A  student  for  Pondicherry  University  found  a  home  remedy  cure  for  COVID-19  which  was  accepted  by  WHO.  Mixing  black  pepper  powder,  ginger  and  honey  and  consuming  it  for  5  days  will  cure  the  person  of  the  new  coronavirus.
Madagascar  President  Andry  Rajoelina  said  that  the  World  Health  Organization  (WHO)  offered  him  $20  million  to  put  toxins  in  their  coronavirus  remedy.
Don't  open  any  school  or  college  till  the  vaccine  of  covid-19  We  know  the  circumstances  of  such  opening,    Students  are  gathering  each  other  and  it  will  share  food  and  playing  it  will  create  problem  to  all  India,    As  of  now.  Many  states  are  opening  school,  
COVID-19  Update:  There  are  no  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  New  Zealand  today.  It  has  been  101  days  since  the  last  case  of  COVID-19  was  acquired  locally  from  an  unknown  source.
An  alarming  text  message  signed  "Claire  Magne  a  friend  nurse".
Due  to  control  measures  like  declarations  of  emergency  Stay  at  Home  guidances  the  encouraged  use  of  face  masks  and  closures  of  schools  golf  courses  church  activities  and  non-essential  businesses  [COVID  Act  Now]  is  predicting  a  more  positive  outcome  
Majority  of  cases  in  Nigeria  are  recorded  among  the  31  to  40  age  group  while  ages  50  &amp;  above  account  for  majority  of  fatalities.  When  we  ask  that  Nigerians  its  beyond  protecting  ones  self  but  the  vulnerable  population  as  well~
With  Indian  Startups  coming  forward  we've  been  able  to  deploy  large  number  of  indigenous  kits  wherein  they  have  brought  down  costing  of  tests.  RT-PCR  Testing  kits  cost  around  Rs.  2000  in  March;  now  it  is  Rs.  300  DG  
7000  healthcare  workers  have  died  of  COVID-19  led  by  Mexico  and  the  U.S.  
US  hits  another  grim  coronavirus  milestone  Once  again  I  will  inform  you  that  the  viral  infection  is  completely  controllable  with  N-  acetylcysteine.  legal  responsibility  
Rent  is  due  today.    Donald  Trump  abdicated  his  responsibility  to  lead  us  out  of  this  COVID-19  crisisand  we  now  face  a  potential  housing  crisis  because  of  it.    Mr.  President:  Act  now  to  make  sure  Americans  don't  have  to  choose  between  a  roof  over  their  heads  or  food  on  the  table.  
The  risk  of  spread  of  COVID-19  from  these  two  cases  while  they  were  travelling  to  New  Zealand  and  in  the  managed  isolation  facility  they  were  in  is  low  but  not  impossible  so  we  are  ensuring  all  steps  are  in  place  to  mitigate  the  risk.
To  determine  each  states  positive  test  rate  we  rely  on  data  from  two  sources.  Information  from  allows  us  to  track  tests  and  cases  on  a  state  level  and  information  from  the  Corona  Data  Scraper  allows  us  to  track  tests  and  cases  on  the  county  level.
Instead  well  be  highlighting  Black-led  organizations  doing  the  work  to  understand  and  respond  to  COVID.  Give  attention  give  money  celebrate  the  hard  work  of  keeping  the  people  safe  and  healthy  in  a  society  structured  by  anti-Blackness.
The  troubling  thing  is  that  the  true  number  is  probably  not  much  higher  at  least  not  yet.  Consider  that  the  province  Ontario  Canada  has  tested  2747  people  alone.  
Seven  children  died  from  coronavirus  within  one  week  in  Karimganj  (Assam,  India).
Breaking  News:  Dawood  Ibrahim  dies  of  Covid-19  as  per  social  media!
Right  now  our  model  shows  that:  5  states  have  reduced  risk  in  re-opening  19  have  moderate  risk  in  re-opening  26  have  elevated  risk  in  re-opening.  Find  out  more  about  your  state  and  county  at  
Coronavirus  Will  Vote  Trump  
2,000  people  died  of  COVID-19  on  3/15/20  in  France.
Don't  stop  wearing  during  just  bcoz  u  saw  some  of  Dr.has  askd  everyone  to  wear  masks  not  discard  it.  has  clarified  that  she  was  quoted  out  of  context.  
Texas  Warns  That  The  Dreaded  Chupacabra  Could  Be  Carrying  The  Coronavirus  
The  club  confirmed  the  29-year-old  tested  positive  in  the  latest  round  of  testing.  There  is  no  word  on  his  condition  
Colloidal  Silver  Killer  of  Covid  and  many  other  ills  used  it  for  years  just  look  it  up  won't  hear  about  it  from  media  because  big  pharma  can't  patent  it  ,been  around  1000s  years  look  it  up  and  buy  not  expensive  carry  a  spray  with  me  all  time.
A  man  was  beaten  by  the  cops  in  Dehradun  India  after  he  violated  the  lockdown  norms  and  came  out  to  spit  on  people's  doors  and  handles.
(3/4)  ICMR  has  been  continuously  communicating  with  the  respective  state  authorities.  The  findings  of  the  previous  survey  from  the  dynamic  containment  zones  were  communicated  to  the  states  for  further  action  
Our  knowledge  of  COVID  is  always  improving;  as  new  data  comes  in  we  update  our  parameters  to  fit  what  we  know  about  the  disease.  We  recently  changed  a  few  of  our  model  parameters.  We  wanted  to  share  what  changed  and  why.  (1/10)
The  Spanish  Government  asks  Congress  to  renew  the  state  of  alarm  every  15  days  because  it  is  required  by  law.
John  and  Edward  Grimes  have  been  praised  on  social  media  for  speaking  out  about  wearing  masks  and  sticking  to  social  distancing  rules  
_Three  videos  have  been  viewed  tens  of  thousands  of  times  in  multiple  posts  on  Facebook  alongside  a  claim  they  show  people  who  died  after  contracting  the  novel  coronavirus  in  India._
Coronavirus  patients  develop  lung  fibrosis  but  you  can  diagnose  by  holding  your  breath.
This  week  the  supported  a  training  by  Cross  River  State  MOH  for  health  workers  on  strengthening  prevention  of  mother-to-child  transmission  in  the  context  of  We  also  supported  the  state's  case  management  team  in  the  inauguration  of  the  Adiabo  isolation  centre  
We  have  one  of  the  strongest  border  systems  in  the  world  with  people  coming  home  required  to  stay  in  isolation  or  quarantine  for  14  days.  This  will  remain  as  a  key  part  of  our  border  measures.
Our  national  current  COVID-19  hospitalizations  number  did  not  go  down  today  but  it  also  didnt  go  up  as  much  as  it  has  over  the  last  few  days.  We  wont  really  know  how  much  this  number  is  being  affected  by  changes  to  the  reporting  guidelines  for  several  more  days.  
The  Duchess  of  Cambridge  has  praised  mothers  offering  support  to  other  parents  during  the  pandemic  saying  their  efforts  are  important  for  'emotional  wellbeing'  
While  people  who  never  develop  symptoms  can  also  pass  the  virus  to  others  it  is  still  not  clear  to  what  extent  this  occu
A  video  clip  of  Indian  Prime  Minister  Narendra  Modi  admitting  that  the  Covid-19  pandemic  is  "a  soldier  of  God"  and  admits  that  he  erred  in  "assaulting"  Muslims  in  his  country.
Understanding  how  COVID-19  affects  patients  with  schizophrenia.  via  
One  other  note  on  hospitalizations  for  our  data  users:  were  planning  to  backfill  older  data  with  a  cache  of  screenshots  we  regularly  take  of  the  state  public  health  websites.
This  particular  pandemic  is  one  where  I  dont  think  nationwide,  theres  been  a  single  fatality  under  25.
Nations  hamsters  shockingly  indifferent  to  global  pandemic  
State-wise  details  of  Total  Confirmed  cases(till  02  September  2020  8  AM)  States  with  1-10000  confirmed  cases  States  with  10001-90000  confirmed  cases  States  with  90000+  confirmed  cases  Total  no.  of  confirmed  cases  so  far  
Older  adults  &amp;  people  with  severe  chronic  medical  conditions  like  heart  lung  or  kidney  disease  seem  to  be  at  higher  risk  for  more  serious  COVID-19  illness.  
WWN  brings  you  groundbreaking  reportage  on  government  formation,  Coronavirus,  Brexit  &amp;  Climate  Change.    Support  WWN  and  get  bonus  content  here:    
It  should  be  obvious  now  but  the  large  numbers  of  new  cases  in  these  states  are  not  just  due  to  testing.  Florida  and  Georgia  have  positivity  rates  well  beyond  10%.  Only  Arizona  has  a  higher  positivity  rate  than  Florida  right  now.  
A  viral  video  showcasing  an  emergency  treatment  of  a  COVID-19  patient  in  Maharashtra  an  Indian  State.  The  video  is  shared  in  the  names  of  different  cities  of  Maharashtra.
Theyre  furloughing  nurses  in  hospitals  in  western  New  York  state.
Canada  announces  it  will  exclusively  import  COVID-19  from  US  
New  modelling  has  reportedly  shown  London  is  only  two  or  three  days  behind  hotspots  in  the  North  West  and  North  East  
In  India  this  image  shows  a  Tablighi  Jamaat  member  beaten  up  by  Uttar  Pradesh  Police  for  misbehaving  with  a  nurse  in  the  Ghaziabad  quarantine.  He  was  a  COVID-19  suspected  case.
Focussing  on  timely  and  aggressive  TESTING  India  has  exceeded  3  crore  tests.  
5  States  contribute  60%  of  total  cases  62%  of  cases  and  70%  of  total  repo
China  needs  SWAT  (special  weapons  and  tactics)  police  team  to  arrest  this  drop  dead  virus  victims.
On  the  fourth  anniversary  of  Pulse.  In  the  middle  of  Pride  month.  During  a  global  pandemic.    Donald  Trump's  cruelty  truly  knows  no  bounds.  We  have  to  defeat  him  this  November.  
Testing  has  reached  a  significant  milestone  -  yesterday  our  laboratories  completed  3350  tests  bringing  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  301882.  This  represents  6%  of  the  New  Zealand  population.
Ophthalmologist  fears  for  his  patientsuntoward  morbidityas  they  delay  care  due  to  
Video  shows  Rashtriya  Swayamsevak  Sangh  (RSS)  members  paying  respect  to  doctors  in  Aurangabad  Maharashtra  India.
Our  daily  update  is  published.  States  reported  681k  tests  45k  cases  and  1416  deaths.  
Bill  Gates  admits  his  COVID-19  vaccine  might  kill  nearly  1  million  people.
RetractionHydroxychloroquine  or  chloroquine  with  or  without  a  macrolide  for  treatment  of  COVID-19:  a  multinational  registry  analysis  -  The  Lancet  
Wearing  a  mask  can  prevent  transmission  of  Covid-19
Today's  update  is  the  first  produced  by  a  team  of  volunteers.  Thanks  to  everyone  who  helped  out  with  data  entry  today!  Because  of  this  team  of  volunteers  our  numbers  are  now  updated  every  few  hours.  You  can  see  the  latest  numbers  on  the  "States  current"  and  "US  current"  tabs.
Clinicians  took  a  huge  financial  hit  from  COVID.  
Hope  Uni  Halls  Covid  outbreaks  don't  dent  institutional  income  too  much...Poor  VCs  need  those  vast  salaries...luxury  yachts  won't  pay  for  themselves...
There  is  now  a  COVID-19  cure  from  the  USA.
Californias  electronic  lab  reporting  problem  has  been  solved  according  to  the  state  website.  As  such  some  portion  of  the  12500  new  cases  reported  today  are  backlogs  from  prior  days.  We  expect  this  to  continue  for  the  next  day  or  two.
No  wonder  that  U.S.  has  been  revered  more  with  its  alter  ego  of  -  "The  Big  Uncle  Sam"  of  the  World!!    But  sadly,  in  the  latest  context  of  the  Satanic  China  wrecking  Havoc  throughout  the  world  through  its  Bio-engineered  Terrorism  in  form  of  COVID,  neither  U.S.  nor  UN  could  do  much
Given  the  shortage  of  N95  respirators  during  this  global  outbreak  of  its  important  to  understand  the  difference  between  N95  respirators  and  surgical  masks  and  how  both  are  intended  to  protect  healthcare  workers.  Learn  more  from  
Ancient  herbal  drink  is  an  effective  remedy  for  the  novel  coronavirus.
urges  States/UTs  to  ensure  that  no  restriction  is  imposed  on  movement  of  Medical  Oxygen  between  States  States/UTs  made  responsible  to  ensure  that  every  hospitalized  patient  receives  oxygen  Details  :  
If  you  only  read  three  stories...  PM  does  not  want  lockdown  but  says  second  wave  'is  coming'  UK  R  number  between  1.1  and  1.4  Amal  Clooney  quits  UK  envoy  role  over  plans  to  break  international  law  
India  has  scaled  yet  another  peak!  More  than  12  lakh  samples  tested  in  the  past  24  hours.  Cumulative
Now  this  was  2001  tell  me  why  19  years  later  they  say  there  is  no  vaccine
The  remedy  for  the  corona  virus  may  have  existed  for  a  long  time,  1934  Old  malaria  drug  seems  to  work  against  coronavirus  symptoms.  Made  in  Holland  pic.twitter.com/4UOvmNkveY
State-wise  details  of  Total  Confirmed  cases  (till  20  September  2020  8  AM)  States  with  1-20000  confirmed  cases  States  with  20001-125000  confirmed  cases  States  with  125000+  confirmed  cases  Total  no.  of  confirmed  cases  so  far  
Coronavirus  lives  on  the  hands  for  10  minutes,  but  can  be  prevented  with  alcohol  hand  sanitiser.
Our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  remains  at  1464.  Yesterday  our  laboratories  processed  3278  tests  bringing  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  917699.  Reminder  Alert  Level  1  is  not  Alert  Level  0.
A  coronavirus  case  was  confirmed  in  the  Istanbul  Medical  School  Hospital.
Renowned  cardiac  surgeon  Dr  Devi  Shetty  has  issued  a  list  of  22  suggestions  to  be  followed  for  one  year  to  protect  oneself  against  coronavirus.
A  Rohingya  Muslim  was  terrified  thinking  a  doctor  had  placed  a  gun  on  his  head  when  the  doctor  was  actually  doing  a  thermal  scan  using  a  machine.
Viral  message  showing  roadmap  to  ease  restrictions  during  COVID-19  is  from  India
People  are  lying  on  the  ground  in  China  because  they  contracted  the  coronavirus.
The  coronavirus  outbreak  is  caused  by  5G  technology.
The  biggest  Covid  expert  at  Nanavati  Hospital  Dr  Ansari  and  Dr  Limaye  has  informed  that  the  following  four  treatment  is  commonly  given  to  all  patients.
As  of  June  8  forecasts  suggest  the  total  number  of  deaths  will  exceed  124000  by  July  4.  Additionally  6  states  will  likely  see  the  number  of  new  deaths  reported  between  June  8  and  July  4  exceed  the  number  reported  over  the  last  4  weeks:  
UCLA  Health  medical  records  suggests  COVID  may  have  been  circulating  in  the  U.S.  since  last  December.  Physicians  noticed  more  ER  visits  for  respiratory  complaints  &amp;  in  patients  with  acute  respiratory  failure  compared  to  past  years.  
India  witnesses  an  Unprecedented  Surge  in  Daily  Testing  More  than  11.7  lakh  tests  conducted  in  the  last  24  hrs  More  than  4.5  cr  Total  Tests  conducted  
Latest  update  from  There  are  2  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report  from  managed  isolation  facilities  in  New  Zealand  today.  
Papua  New  Guinea's  confirmed  cases  of  Covid-19  has  reached  532  after  a  new  case  was  reported  in  the  National  Capital  District  in  the  last  24  hours.
Why  was  chloroquine  described  as  a  "wonder  drug"  against  corona  viruses  by  WHO  in  2005,  yet  in  2020  there  has  been  a  coordinated  campaign  against  it?    Why  would  Big  Pharma  be  against  a  cheap  effective  drug?    
UPDATE:  Europe  (11  countries)  1.88%  to  11.43%  of  population  infected  with  up  to  28th  March  Interventions  have  already  impacted  control  of  the  epidemic  Interventions  have  saved  between  21000  &amp;  120000  lives  Report  
BREAKING  NEWSThe  president  Cryill  Ramaphosa  has  asked  all  foreign  nations  to  depart  south  Africa  before  21  june  2020  due  to  increasing  cases  of  COVID  19  .
UPDATE:  South  Korea  Epidemic  characterised  by  large  clusters  of  cases  Shincheonji  religious  group  accounted  for  48%  of  cases  High  volume  of  testing  &amp;  low  number  of  deaths  suggests  small  epidemic  Report  
The  incubation  period  for  children  is  the  same  as  in  adults  .  The  time  between  exposure  to  and  when  symptoms  start  is  commonly  around  5  to  6  days  and  ranges  from  1  to  14  days.  
Per  order  from  people  in  Michigan  are  now  banned  from  purchasing  a  new  baby  car  seat  in  stores.
New  Jersey  appears  to  have  taken  the  road  that  California  did  recently  moving  away  from  reporting  "people  tested"  and  to  "tests  completed."  But  we're  still  trying  to  get  confirmation  on  this.  As  you  can  see  today  is  a  bit  of  an  outlier.  
Bill  Gates  was  expelled  from  India  due  to  his  Polio  vaccines.
Black  children  with  COVID-19  at  higher  risk  of  developing  the  Kawasaki-like  inflammatory  condition  MIS-C.  
Metformin  may  lower  risk  for  fatal  COVID-19.  
Majority  of  RA  patients  with  musculoskeletal  diseases  who  also  contract  COVID-19  do  recover.  
there  are  sterilization  agents  in  the  COVID  vax  which  can  cause  sterility  not  only  in  the  patient  but  also  in  the  sexual  partners  of  people  who  have  taken  the  shot
Scripps  urgent  care  in  San  Diego  is  on  lockdown  two  people  with  the  new  coronavirus  are  isolated.
As  of  27  July  8:30PM  there  are  168  positive  cases  in  District  For  detailed  district-level  data  you  may  reach  out  to  the  state  Helpline:  0141-2225624/2225000  
Facebook  is  using  your  pictures  and  posts  in  lawsuits  against  it  amid  COVID-19  pandemic.
Media  outlets  reported  that  the  same  boy  died  3  times  from  the  coronavirus,  in  3  countries.
MUST  READ  piece  on  the  Chinese  researcher  revealing  the  bio-engineered  aspects  of  the  ChiComVirus  (Covid)  &amp;  the  lengths  enemies  of  freedom  will  go  to  suppress  the  truth.  Then  conservative  conversation!    Dear  KMAG:  20200918  Open  Topic  via  
no,  but  there  is  7  different  coronavirus  that  we  know  of    MERS-CoV,  SARS-CoV  ,  SARS-CoV-2  (Covid19)  and  229E(also  infects  bats),  NL63,    OC43  (also  infects  cattle)  and  HKU1  the  last  4  coronavirus  are  so  common  its  likely  EVERYONE  will  have  caught  it  in  their  lifetime
BJP  MLA  Suman  Haripriya  in  Assam  Assembly,  earlier  today:  I  believe  gau-mutra  (cow-urine)  and  gobar  (cow-dung)  could  be  used  to  treat  coronavirus
Today's  testing  numbers  are  the  highest  since  the  daily  record  on  July  24.  The  uptick  in  tests  and  cases  was  partially  due  to  a  data  dump  in  Illinois.  
Major  highlights  of  this  week:  More  than  4.5  crore  tests  conducted  so  far.  In  the  last  24  hrs  more  than  11  lakh  samples  have  been  tested.  No.  of  recovered  patients  crossed  29  lakhs.  guidelines  issued  by  Secretary  
BREAKING:  The  Joint  Biosecurity  Centre  has  recommended  that  the  UK's  COVID-19  alert  level  should  be  upgraded  from  level  three  to  level  four  meaning  transmission  of  the  virus  is  high  or  rising  exponentially  Read  more  here:  
India's  Deaths  per  Million  Population  is  also  amongst  the  lowest  in  the  World.  India  has  58  Deaths  per  Million  Population  whereas  World's  average  stands  at  118:  Secretary  
Many  States/UTs  have  performed  better  with  more  encouraging  figures  than  the  national  average  for  Recovery  Rate  and  Fatality  Rate.
It's  possible  that  some  vaccine  could  be  available  at  the  end  of  the  year.  CSA  Patrick  Vallance  says  a  vaccine  could  be  available  in  "small  amounts  for  certain  groups"  adding  that  we're  'more  likely  to  see  vaccines  over  the  first  half  of  next  year.'  
The  new  app  to  track  infections  in  Germany  (Corona  Warn-App)  is  using  your  personal  data  and  contacts  on  your  smartphone  in  order  to  track  and  identify  people.
We  just  locked  our  4pm  update.  We  tallied  ~1700  new  cases.  There  were  only  778  cumulatively  last  Tuesday.  Our  dataset  is  very  complex.  Make  sure  you  use  it  responsibly.  Here's  what  you  need  to  know:  
Says  Sarah  Huckabee  Sanders  tweeted,  Its  oddthat  the  ANTIFA  insurgency  happened  just  as  COVID-19  loses  steam  Its  oddthat  COVID-19  happened  the  moment  impeachment  failed.  Its  oddthat  impeachment  happened  the  moment  Russian  hoax  failed.  The  Russian  hoax  happened  because  Hillary  lost?  Notice  the  pattern
Viral  video  Suggesting  Self-Check  for  COVID-19  By  Holding  Your  Breath
2  previously  reported  cases  are  considered  to  have  recovered  today.  Our  total  number  of  active  cases  is  136  plus  one  previously  reported  probable  case  remains  active.  Of  the  137  active  cases  20  are  imported  cases  in  MIQ.
You  may  have  seen  posts  on  social  media  suggesting  the  Government  is  installing  the  COVIDSafe  app  by  stealth  on  smartphones.  Well  that's  not  correct  according  to  fact  checkers.  Don't  believe  the  misinformation  on  the  internet.  Read  instead:  
Wasting  VALUABLE  resources  &amp;  risking  millions  more  lives  at  the  same  time.    Whatever  he  releases  doesn't  even  have  to  be  a  vaccine.  He  signed  an  executive  order  to  proclaim  EUA  for  any  bs  he  calls  a  cure.    It  could  actually  be  Lysol.  Who  thinks  he  wouldn't  okay  injecting  poison?  
Over  200  doctors  in  Italy  die  every  day  due  to  coronavirus.
of  visiting  in  a  HospitalGet  an  appointment  with  a  doctor  prior  visiting  to  Hospital  Carry  your  safety  kit  Only  2  people  are  allowed  to  accompany  the  patient  to  the  hospital  Mandatory  use  of  mask/face-cover  Via  
PM's  Operation  Moonshot  plan  'can  be  done'  says  Chinese  company  behind  new  30-minute  COVID-19  test  
Mumbai  city's  municipal  body  asks  people  to  drink  boiled  water  as  a  remedy  to  coronavirus.
We're  also  beginning  to  pick  up  numbers  on  ventilator  usage  and  ICU  admissions  from  a  few  states.  We're  working  to  get  a  better  sense  of  how  to  capture  these  numbers.
Eight  new  cases  of  have  been  reported  in  Nigeria:  5  in  Lagos  2  in  the  FCT  and  1  in  Kaduna  State  As  at  09:30  pm  5th  April  there  are  232  confirmed  cases  of  reported  in  Nigeria.  Thirty-three  have  been  discharged  with  five  deaths  
Less  than  1/2%  of  the  active  cases  are  on  ventilators;  2%  are  in  ICUs;  and  less  than  3.5%  are  on  oxygen  support.  
Demanding  a  fair  Probe  AIIMS  Administration  shifted  Tarun  to  ICU  ?(  2).How  Tarun(COVID  Patient)  get  out  of  d  security  cover  of  ICU.?!  Smartphone  &amp;  WhatsApp  messages    Can  Direct  Probe  Hum  per  sawaal  utakar  Hownsle  todti  hai.  
UK  government  advises  residents  to  pick  up  cricket  bat,  wait  by  door  for  coronavirus  
The  flu  shot  increases  peoples  chances  of  getting  COVID-19.
vitamin  D  supplements  can  prevent  a  COVID-19  infection  and  reduce  severity.
Amid  COVID-19,  25  of  the  26  Republican  governors  "have  decided  to  play  football,"  but  "three-fourths"  of  the  24  Democratic  governors  "have  decided  not  to  play  already  and  most  will  probably  not  play."
The  percent  of  tests  coming  back  positive  is  rising  decisively  in  every  region  but  the  Northeast  as  well.  
Both  women  arrived  in  New  Zealand  together  on  7  June  stayed  in  a  managed  isolation  hotel  in  Auckland  and  were  permitted  on  compassionate  grounds  to  leave  managed  isolation  to  travel  to  Wellington  via  private  vehicle  on  13  June.
Nigerias  case  fatality  ratio  (2.8%  in  June)  was  less  than  most  countries  within  &amp;  outside  Africa.  This  may  be  attributable  to  the  young  population  as  most  people  who  tested  positive  for  the  disease  were  between  ages  31-40  years.  More  males  were  affected  than  females.  
BREAKING:  Boris  Johnson  set  to  announce  pubs  bars  and  restaurants  throughout  England  will  be  forced  to  close  at  10pm  from  Thursday.  Sky's  chief  political  correspondent  has  the  latest  from  Westminster.  Get  more  on  this  story  here:  
According  to  the  "Plandemic"  documentary  "the  actual  pandemic  comes  from  the  SARS  outbreak".
We  generated  as  complete  a  report  as  could  comparing  the  CDC  data  with  the  numbers  we  compile  from  the  states  themselves.  
Patients  under  stand  discharged  after  10  days  of  symptom  onset  and  no  fever  for  3  days  &amp;  are  then  advised  to  isolate  at  home  &amp;  self-monitor  their  health  for  a  further  7  days.  After  this  a  fitness  certificate  is  issued  by  the  field  Team  for  the  case.  
If  Mitch  McConnell  tries  to  push  a  candidate  through,  they  may  release  a  bio-engineered  corona  virus  from....I  dunno...Gyna.
Hundreds  of  sampoerna  cigarette  factory  workers  have  COVID-19.
Our  estimates  suggest  that  once  an  effective  vaccine  has  been  distributed  and  international  travel  and  trade  is  fully  restored  the  economic  gains  will  far  outweigh  the  $38  billion  investment  required  for  the  ACT  Accelerator-
It's  people  who  have  the  least  to  begin  with  who  have  been  the  most  affected  by  coronavirus.  First  Minister  of  Wales  Mark  Drakeford  says  it's  "unequivocal"  that  the  most  deprived  areas  of  the  UK  are  disproportionately  affected  by  COVID.  
Pence  said  that  amid  the  COVID-19  pandemic  President  Trump  forged  a  seamlesspartnership  with  governors.  He  spoke  to  governors  but  he  also  often  bashed  them.  Mostly  False:  
A  total  of  USD35  billion  is  still  needed  for  the  Access  to  Tools  (ACT)  Accelerator  to  produce  2  billion  vaccine  doses  245  million  treatments  500  million  tests  
What  promises  that  a  viable  vaccine  can  be  developed  for  COVID-19  virus.  So,  i  think  they  should  rehire  Judith  Mikovits  who  is  a  living  scientific  encyclopedia  on  viral  research.  She  was  involved  with  the  scientific  research  that  permitted
The  FDA  has  revoked  its  emergency  use  authorization  for  the  drugs  hydroxychloroquine  and  chloroquine  for  the  treatment  of  COVID.
Some  states  continue  to  have  issues  reporting  hospitalization  data.  Well  touch  on  those  problems  later  on  in  this  thread.  But  in  at  least  16  states  more  than  1000  people  are  hospitalized  with  COVID-19.  
Guess  what,  [children  are]  not  at  risk  unless  they  have  an  underlying  medical  issue.
Advisory  on  Strategy  for  COVID-19  Testing  in  India  (Version  VI)
Ethiopia  reports  2144  new  infections  with  the  novel  coronavirus  bringing  the  total  number  to  63000.
One  person  remains  in  Auckland  City  Hospital  in  a  stable  condition  on  a  ward.One  significant  cluster  remains  open.Our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  is  now  1180  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  World  Health  Organization.
dispels  doubts  raised  over  failure  of  one  vaccine  in  clinical  trials  says  trials  are  continuing  only  after  expert  committee  reappraisal.  No  significant  mutation  in  SARS-CoV-2  in  India.  ICMR  is  actively  exploring  saliva-based  test  for  COVID-19.  
No  the  CDC  did  not  reduce  its  COVID-19  Florida  case  count.  
testing  in  India  increases  exponentially.  A  new  high  of  7  lakh  tests  done  in  last  24  hours.
Govt  is  providing  money  to  bereaved  families  of  COVID-19  victims.
An  Instagram  post  is  claiming  Covid-19  tests  tainted  with  coronavirus  have  been  in  circulation  for  "many  months".
Video  of  Muslims  violating  lockdown  conditions  in  Old  city  (Hyderabad).
Some  of  the  testing  fall  off  is  attributable  to  IT  trouble  in  MA  today  and  storm-related  closures  in  FL.  Still  the  problem  is  broader.  Weekly  testing  declined  for  the  first  time  ever  in  our  dataset.  
Nigeria  can  only  grow  as  a  country  if  the  gap  between  the  politicians  and  ordinary  man  is  breached.  This  can  only  happen  when  politicians  earn  salaries  and  receive  allowances  proportional  to  their  certificates.  
Cheap  and  widely  used  steroid  hailed  as  'major  breakthrough'  in  coronavirus  treatment.  
Fewer  kids  are  dying  since  the  lockdown  -  A  new  white  paper  examines  why.
American's  arm  themselves  as  Coronavirus  panic  spreads  
this  is  the  doctor  behind  that  video  ya'll  keep  sharing  about  how  hydroxychloroquine  cures  corona  virus.
Georgia  recorded  more  than  2700  new  cases  today  and  its  positivity  rate  has  continued  to  rise.  It  has  posted  at  least  2700  cases  for  the  last  three  days.  Before  that  GA  had  never  reported  more  than  2200  cases  in  one  day.  
Highest  ever  single  day  recoveries  of  66550  in  last  24  hours.  India  scales  another  peak:  Total  recoveries  cross  24  lakh.  More  than  100%  increase  in  Recovered  Cases  in  last  25  days.  
There  was  an  agreed  plan  in  place  as  part  of  the  compassionate  grounds  including  for  the  travel.  Both  women  have  followed  all  the  conditions  of  the  plan  including  not  having  any  contact  with  anyone  on  the  journey  or  using  any  public  facilities.
As  Kalonji  (Nigella)  seeds  have  100  per  cent  of  Hydroxychloroquine  taking  them  can  prevent  COVID-19.
Ministry  of  Health  reminds  everyone  that  if  they  have  any  respiratory  symptoms  they  should  seek  advice  from  Healthline  their  GP  or  after-hours  clinic  about  getting  tested.  Testing  is  free.  
How  right-wing  extremists,  libertarians  and  evangelicals  built  Quebec's  movement  against  COVID-19  restrictions  |  CBC  News  
There  is  no  one  in  New  Zealand  receiving  hospital-level  care  for  COVID-19.  Yesterday  our  laboratories  completed  2649  tests  bringing  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  286174
The  outbreak  of  is  now  declared  a  by  the  
Chinese  eating  octopus  after  surviving  coronavirus.
Risk  of  secondary  COVID  transmission  is  about  10%  at  home  new  contact  tracing  study  finds.  
The  Cure  4  Corona:  Colloidal  (liquid)  Silver,  is  still  being  tested  for  its  usage  as  a  cure  in  a  test-tube,  where  in  the  human  anatomy  the  human  immune  system  is  boosted  by  the  power  of  silver  &amp;  nuc.'s  this  CORONA  in  us  to  its  death-bed.  Test-tube  vrs  realism  +  medicine.
An  emerging  policy  consensus  suggests  that  states  should  wait  to  reopen  until  cases  have  steadily  decreased  (an  R(t)  less  than  1.0)  for  at  least  two  consecutive  weeks.
Our  new  Can  Compare  'College'  tags  make  it  easier  to  see  the  COVID  impact  on  'college  towns'.  This  discovery  of  college-related  outbreaks  is  only  one  of  many  insights  to  be  pulled  from  this  tool:  
This  is  needed,  but  we  need  to  remember  that  HCQ  is  not  much  good  against  COVID  on  its  own.  As  has  pointed  out,  it  is  the  combination  of  HCQ,  azithromycin,  and  zinc  that  works.  He  also  states,  (and  I  wish  I  had  the  whole  quote)  "zinc  is  the  bullet."
Increasing  gap  between  Recovered  &amp;  Active  cases  of  India  (May  04  2020  to  September  11  2020)
CDC:  Sewage  surveillance  could  be  a  leading  indicator  of  changes  to  COVID-19  spread  in  a  community.  
People  in  Ukraine  will  be  forcibly  vaccinated  against  the  new  coronavirus.
Indias  maintains  its  high  Recovery  Rate:  total  Recoveries  cross  27  lakh.  Recovered  Patients  are  more  than  3.5  times  the  Active  Cases.  
We  promise  this  article  has  nothing  to  do  with  COVID-19by  the  Beaverton  editorial  board  
Pakistani  Dr.  Usman  Riaz  speaks  about  coronavirus  before  his  death.
Happening  Now!  CNN's  and  are  on  Facebook  Live  discussing  COVID-19  misinformation  and  answering  your  questions.  
_Claim  that  Indian  prime  minister  Modi  said  one  crore  (ten  million)  COVID-19  infected  patients  have  been  treated  for  free._
_A  video  clip  shows  a  doctor  couple  who  died  after  treating  134  COVID-19  patients._
A  newspaper  article  claiming  that  "17  Regions  had  no  new  cases  of  coronavirus"  in  Italy.
People  are  starting  to  enter  ERs  with  fungal  lung  infections  from  wearing  masks!!
Place  you  bought  Jeans  from  six  months  ago  wants  you  to  know  theyre  doing  everything  they  can  to  combat  Covid-19  
From  the  article:  This  virus  is  here  to  staysaid  Sarah  Cobey  an  epidemiologist  and  evolutionary  biologist  at  the  University  of  Chicago.  The  question  is  how  do  we  live  with  it  safely?
UK  reports  hearing  loss  in  patients  after  discharge.  
Groups  of  pupils  should  only  be  sent  home  if  there  has  been  a  positive  test  rather  than  someone  just  developing  symptoms  the  prime  minister  has  said  
Todays  cases  bring  our  combined  total  of  confirmed  and  probable  COVID-19  cases  to  1492.We  now  have  1368  people  reported  as  having  recovered.  Today  there  are  two  people  in  hospital  one  each  in  Middlemore  and  North  Shore  hospitals.  Neither  are  in  ICU.
The  U.S.  presidential  election  is  canceled  due  to  coronavirus.
An  image  of  a  baby  born  with  deformities  claims  that  the  baby  was  suffering  from  coronavirus.
Gunes  newspaper  published  an  article  about  COVID-19's  production  in  lab  in  2013.
Says  Mike  Pence  was  caught  on  a  hot  mic  delivering  empty  boxes  of  PPE  to  a  nursing  home  and  pretended  they  were  heavy.
Video  of  a  man  spitting  in  the  face  of  another  man  in  the  New  York  subway  to  spread  the  coronavirus
Pier  Luigi  Bersani
US  Coronavirus  Deaths  Reaching  Mass  Shooter  Levels  Of  'Who  Cares'  
Chinese  experts  warn  about  a  scar  in  the  lung  caused  by  COVID-19.  This  is  more  severe  than  SARS  17  years  ago.
NASA  satellite  videos  have  shown  that  the  coronavirus  is  retreating  in  India.
594  new  cases  of  Lagos-159  Delta-106  Ondo-44  FCT-34  Edo-34  Oyo-33  Kaduna-33  Enugu-28  Katsina-25  Imo-22  Adamawa-15  Ogun-12  Osun-11  Abia-8  Rivers-6  Nasarawa-5  Bauchi-5  Niger-5  Kebbi-4  Ekiti-3  Plateau-1  Taraba-1  22614  confirmed  7822  discharged  549  deaths  
Overseas  Chinese  bought  flights  to  ship  medical  supplies  from  Melbourne  to  South  China.
WHO  changed  its  directives:  No  need  to  isolate  infected  people.
The  death  toll  fell  beneath  1000  for  the  first  time  since  April  1.  However  we  don't  know  how  much  of  this  is  due  to  the  weekend  lag  effect.  Last  week  Monday  was  low  and  Tuesday  was  high  and  Wednesday  was  a  new  high.  
Trump  Orders  Pence  To  Shutdown  and  Gather  all  Corona  Beer  to  be  Destroyed!  
Unprecedented  upsurge  in  testing  India  crosses  a  new  peak  of  4  cr  tests.  More  than  9  lakh  tests  conducted  for  third  successive  day.  
A  tent  will  be  set  up  next  to  the  Viamed  de  Calahorra  hospital  (La  Rioja)  to  carry  out  rapid  tests  for  coronavirus.
Just  Appendix  B  gathering  all  the  state  orders  on  testing  was  a  huge  chunk  of  work.  Same  goes  for  Appendix  D  an  evaluation  of  the  accessibility  of  the  CDC's  Data  Tracker.
Recovered  patients  close  to  20  lakhs;  2.93  times  of  active  cases  ;  Case  Fatality  Rate  is  below  2.00%:  Secretary  
In  the  backdrop  of  the  lockdown  videos  of  wild  animals  taking  over  the  roads  are  surfacing  on  the  internet.  Among  them  a  set  of  pictures  of  a  herd  of  deer  is  doing  the  rounds  on  social  media  claiming  that  these  pictures  are  from  Lake  Club  Chandigarh.
Long  term  commitment  to  &amp;  investment  in  a  strong  public  health  system  has  helped  manage  to  date.  Village  &amp;  migrant  health  volunteers  &amp;  trained  field  epidemiologists  are  part  of  public  health  response  to  detect  &amp;  respond  to  outbreaks.  
India  surpasses  Russia  to  become  the  third  worst-affected  country  worldwide  after  the  United  States  and  Brazil:  John  Hopkins  University.  Maharashtra  government  allows  reopening  of  hotels  and  lodges  outside  containment  zones  from  8  July.  
We  have  stocked  for  a  further  303000  tests  currently  in  NZ.  The  level  3  restrictions  and  the  speed  they  were  implemented  would  have  made  a  material  difference  in  containing  this  outbreak.
One  case  who  was  confirmed  in  Lagos  State  traveled  to  Ondo  State  for  treatment.  Therefore  the  number  of  cases  in  Lagos  is  689  and  the  number  of  cases  in  Ondo  is  4
Here's  the  good  news  today:  Deaths  fell  under  400  for  the  first  time  since  March  28.  The  7-day  average  keeps  falling  slowly.  
In  the  last  one  month  Recovery  Rate  has  shot  up  from  48.20%  to  68.32%.  Effective  Clinical  Management  based  on  a  Standard  of  Care  approach  has  led  to  more  patients  recovering  and  lesser  fatality.  
CDC  announces  that  students  may  be  kept  from  parents  overnight  as  Ohio  sets  up  COVID-19  FEMA  camps.
This  week  the  trained  military  personnel  including  medical  lab  engineering  &amp;  kitchen  staff  from  7  states:  Osun  Ogun  Ekiti  Ondo  Kwara  Edo  &amp;  Oyo  The  exercise  focused  on  demystifying  &amp;  strengthening  surveillance  case  reporting  IPC  &amp;  case  management  
Trump  Virus  Sweeps  Over  America  
Coming  up  on  to  provide  an  update  on  and  to  discuss  the  simple  actions  we  can  all  take  to  prot
The  Ministry  has  concluded  follow-up  with  the  group  of  55  who  were  granted  an  exemption  from  managed  isolation  on  compassionate  grounds  between  June  9  16.  One  of  these  people  subsequently  had  their  approval  withdrawn  and  remained  in  managed  isolation  for  the  full  14  days.
As  states  continue  to  reopen  remember  to  maintain  healthy  habits  and  follow  safety  guidance:  Wear  a  cloth  face  coveri
Infusing  hospitalized  COVID  patients  with  blood  plasma  from  the  recovered  appeared  to  show  a  benefit  in  a  nationwide  survey  but  the  studys  lack  of  a  placebo  group  left  several  researchers  unable  to  properly  interpret  the  data.  Quick  read  by  
Canada  Masks  Up  For  Hockey  
Senate  GOP  proposing  five-year  shield  from  coronavirus  lawsuits  
We  have  a  correction:  in  cleaning  some  older  data  we  introduced  too  high  of  a  number  into  MA  data  over  the  weekend.  This  made  yesterday's  new  test  number  lower  than  it  should  have  been.  We  regret  the  error.  With  the  fix  in  the  recent  numbers  are  smoother  which  is  good.  
These  are  completed  tests  for  which  there  is  a  result  (the  pending  backlog  is  obviously  large  too)
Govt  clarifies  that  Pradhan  Mantri  Suraksha  Bima  Yojana  (doesn't  cover  related  deaths.    PIB  said  Pradhan  Mantri  Jeevan  Jyoti  Bima  Yojana  (PMJJBY)  covers  deaths  with  certain  conditions.  
NEWS!  Loss  of  tasteadded  to  COVID-19  symptoms  as  government  recommends  self-isolation  for  anyone  who  recently  enjoyed  Mrs  Browns  Boys  
A  video  shows  a  group  of  doctors  calling  itself  "Doctors  for  the  truth"  defend  and  justify  claims  that  masks  don't  work  lockdowns  won't  stop  the  virus  and  the  flu  vaccine  spread  SARS-CoV2.
Total  Recoveries  in  India  surpass  26  lakh.  Increasing  Recovery  Rate  is  coupled  with  a  consistently  falling  Case  Fatality  Rate.  
Countries  with  more  PCR  testing  have  more  deaths.
One  of  the  lowest  globally  Indias  Case  Fatality  Rate  below  2%  and  sliding.  
There  are  several  actions  &amp;  requirements  that  should  be  reviewed  &amp;  put  in  place  to  prevent  the  introduction  &amp;  spread  of  in  schools  and  into  the  community;  and  to  ensure  the  safety  of  children  and  school  staff  while  at  school:  
Raise  your  voice  against:    GDP  crash    Massive  unemployment    Rising  coronavirus  cases    Sale  of  profit-making  PSU's    Increasing  farmer  suicide    Rise  in  crimes  against  women  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  States  reported  762k  tests  and  44k  cases.  The  death  toll  today  is  1014.  
A  claim  has  been  shared  repeatedly  in  multiple  Facebook  WhatsApp  and  Twitter  posts  that  the  Indian  government  has  outlawed  social  media  posts  about  the  novel  coronavirus  pandemic  through  a  piece  of  national  legislation  called  the  Disaster  Management  Act.
This  is  not  a  natural  virus.  Covid  is  CCPs  (Chinese  Communist  Partys)  bioweapon.  Please  do  not  take  it  easy!!
Prescription  issued  by  Dr  Raj  Kamal  Agarwal  (Sir  Ganga  Ram  hospital)  for  general  public  in  case  of  any  emergency,  kindly  save  this  prescription  for  any  kind  of  emergency.
Doctors  are  including  "COVID-19  suspect"  on  death  certificates  because  hospitals  receive  18.000  Brazilian  reais  for  each  registered  COVID-19  death.
Jenny  McCarthy  Develops  Covid-19  Vaccine  
Photo  of  a  vaccine  developed  by  U.S.  scientists  for  COVID-19.
To  date  more  than  2500  severe  COVID-19  patients  around  the  world  have  received  ECMO  as  part  of  their  therapy  and  the  rate  of  survival  to  hospital  discharge  has  been  53%.  
This  is  not  a  miracle  drug  for  all.  There  have  been  no  studies  showing  that  these  medications  work  for  prevention,  and  the  FDA  has  issued  a  warning  for  serious  heart-related  side  effects  if  hydroxychloroquine  or  chloroquine  are  taken  outside  of  a  hospital  setting  for  COVID-19.
Yesterdays  problems  with  COVID-19  hospitalization  data  continue  today  in  CA  and  TX.  Both  states  still  warn  that  their  hospitalization  data  is  incomplete  due  to  the  changeover  to  HHS  systems.  Weve  carried  over  their  hosp.  data  from  Wednesday  before  the  warnings  went  up.
The  testing  issue  is  actually  a  government  success.  Leader  of  the  House  Jacob  Rees-Mogg  has  defended  the  government's  record  on  testing  saying  it's  going  as  "well  as  could  possibly  be  expected  considering  the  demand".  More  here:  
India  to  go  on  a  lockdown  in  next  five  days
38  %  of  Americans  won't  buy  Corona  beer  due  to  the  coronavirus.
The  rate  of  coronavirus-related  deaths  being  reported  out  of  New  York  City  is  200  times  higher  than  the  death  rates  of  the  world's  largest  10  cities.
220  new  cases  of  62-Lagos  52-FCT  31-Kaduna  13-Sokoto  10-Kebbi  9-Yobe  6-Borno  5-Edo  5-Bauchi  4-Gombe  4-Enugu  4-Oyo  3-Zamfara  2-Nasarawa  2-Osun  2-Ebonyi  2-Kwara  2-Kano  2-Plateau  2388  confirmed  cases  of  in  Nigeria  Discharged:  385  Deaths:  85  
Two  important  lessons  about  managing  patients  with  multiple  sclerosis  and  COVID-19.  
Cocaine  and  bleach  can  cure  coronavirus
The  Italian  Prime  Minister  has  said  his  country  has  exhausted  all  options  to  fight  against  the  coronavirus  pandemic  and  pleads  to  God  to  rescue  your  people.
Money  was  taken  from  hospitals  to  finance  cultural  projects  in  Brazil.
Acc  to  period  for  which  is  the  time  between  exposure  to  the  novel  (becoming  infected)  and  symptom  onset  is  1  to  12.5  days  (with  median  estimates  of  5  to  6  days)  but  can  be  as  long  as  14  days.  
The  Netflix  Korean  drama  "My  Secret  Terrius"  predicted  the  coronavirus  outbreak  in  2018.
Today  we  began  the  use  of  the  COBAS  system  at  the  NCDC  National  Reference  Laboratory  for  testing  Using  this  approximately  960  samples  can  be  tested  in  8  hours  This  begins  the  2nd  prong  of  our  national  strategy  to  integrate  lab  systems  &amp;  increase  testing  capacity  
Woman  committed  suicide  due  to  the  coronavirus  lockdown.
As  of  today  our  is  62.86%  and  the  is  20.4  Days  (based  on  7  days  of  trajectory).  
_Coronavirus  has  been  found  in  broiler  chicken._
Every  election  year  has  a  disease;  coronavirus  has  a  contagion  factor  of  2  and  a  cure  rate  of  99.7%  for  those  under  50  it  infects.
Cristiano  Ronaldo  will  transform  his  hotels  in  Portugal  into  hospitals  to  help  in  the  fight  against  Coronavirus  -  He  has  communicated  that  he'll  pay  the  workers  &  doctors  free.
After  COVID-19  outbreak  in  europe  Muslims  and  non-Muslims  have  come  out  in  the  streets  shouting  praises  for  Allah  and  reading  Kalma.
Jedward  say  they  believe  coronavirus  is  starting  to  lose  some  of  its  power
Governor  Andy  Beshear  has  authorized  Kentucky  teachers  to  make  in-home  visits.  With  parental  approval,  teachers  will  inspect  the  bedroom  of  each  student  currently  enrolled  in  K-8.
Take  simple  daily  precautions  to  help  prevent  the  spread  of  respiratory  illnesses  like  Learn  how  to  protect  yourself  from  coronavirus  (COVID-19):  
The  transmission  of  coronavirus  in  Europe  has  returned  to  'alarming  rates'  this  month  says  a  top  official  at  the  World  Health  Organisation  
Today  at  2pm  ET  log  in  to  COCA  Facebook  profile  or  call  in.  COCA  Call  Topic:  Update  and  Infection  Prevention  and  Control  Recommendations.  Learn  more  about  the  event  at  
Donald  Trump  has  shown  that  he  cant  beat  the  pandemic  or  turn  the  economy  around.  And  he  is  unsurprisingly  stoking  the  flames  of  division  for  political  gain.    He  is  the  worst  possible  person  to  lead  our  nation  through  this  moment.  
Mean  weekly  cancer  diagnoses  declined  by  nearly  50%  at  the  height  of  the  COVID-19  pandemic.  
We  were  meant  to  have  a  world  beating  test  and  trace  system  back  in  June  we're  now  in  September  and  it's  still  not  fit  for  purpose.  The  deputy  leader  of  Chorley  council  says  people  in  Lancashire  feel  let  down"  over  the  government's  testing  system.  
The  U.S.  CDC  encourages  the  use  of  a  "[COVID-19]  flu  shot"  on  children.
What  is  stated  below  is  incorrect.  The  guidelines  recommend  against  the  chloroquine  drugs  for  every  Covid  indication.    16  of  the  co-authors  have  been  on  Gileads  payroll.  Gilead  was  just  fined  again,today  for  Medicare  fraud    Gilead  owns  remdesivir  And  HCQ  is  its  major  competitor  
Trump  tests  Negative  After  Taking  Nasal  Coronavirus  Test-  however,  doctors  instead  found  over  20  kilos  of  cocaine  up  there.
Three  new  cases  of  have  been  confirmed  in  Lagos  Nigeria  2  cases  are  returning  travellers  and  1  is  a  contact  of  a  confirmed  case.  As  at  05:28  pm  on  the  22nd  of  March  there  are  30  confirmed  cases  of  in  Nigeria.  2  have  been  discharged  with  no  deaths.  
California  set  a  new  record  for  cases  but  some  of  it  was  backlog  from  LA  County.  COVID-19  hospitalizations  are  at  an  all-time  high  too.  
NEWS!  Boris  denies  country  moved  to  the  pretend  everything  is  finestage  of  coronavirus  strategy  too  soon  
President  Trump  Has  Been  Forced  to  Wear  a  Protective  Medical  Mask  
With  todays  six  new  cases  and  one  additional  recovered  case  our  total  number  of  active  cases  is  123.  Of  those  43  are  imported  cases  in  MIQ  facilities  and  80  are  community  cases.
Gemma  Collins  says  she  followed  the  rules  on  coronavirus  for  a  couple  of  days  but  stopped  because  they  were  too  much.    Theyre  not  really  meant  for  major  celebrities  like  me  anyway,she  told  reporters  
A  COVID-19  case  has  been  diagnosed  in  Yedikule  Hospital  Istanbul.
COVID-19  Update  There  are  two  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  managed  isolation  in  New  Zealand  today.  It  has  been  92  days  since  the  last  case  of  COVID-19  was  acquired  locally  from  an  unknown  source.
Five  helicopters  are  spraying  disinfectants  over  German  cities.
A  Bar  in  Georgia  Changes  Its  Name  to  the  C-19  Good  Old  Boy  Lounge  
States  reported  941  new  deaths  today.  The  7-day  average  is  still  over  800  lives  lost  per  day.  
Ivermectin  chloroquine  and  nitazoxanide  (sold  in  Brazil  under  the  name  Annita)  prevent  the  multiplication  of  the  novel  coronavirus  if  taken  at  the  beginning  of  Covid-19  symptoms.
Spain  corrected  their  number  of  deaths  by  Covid-19  from  more  than  26.000  to  2.000.
Coronavirus:  Medical  and  science  experts  outline  four  ways  we  can  help  beat  COVID-19  
Amid  the  WHO's  threatening  updates,  Big  tech-Biotech-Big  pharma  politics,  and  the  news  of  promising  vaccines,  is  the  only  hope.  Naman  to  Shri  
Scary  statisticslink  obesity  and  COVID-19  including  a  113%  greater  risk  of  hospital  admittance.  
KOWHEORI-19  (COVID-19)  Update  Sadly  we  are  today  reporting  the  death  of  a  man  who  had  COVID-19.  The  man  was  in  his  50s  and  was  a  confirmed  case  of  COVID-19  linked  to  the  Auckland  cluster.
There  are  many  many  examples  from  around  the  world  that  have  shown  that  even  if  the  outbreak  is  very  intense  it  can  still  be  brought  back  under  control-
AIMIM  chief  Asaduddin  Owaisi  had  said  theres  nothing  like  coronavirus  and  the  government  is  fooling  people.  Picture  shows  the  Hyderabad  MP  taking  a  corona  test.
New  finds  people  stayed  home  more  during  the  early  months  of  the  pandemic  when  stay-at-home  orders  were  in  place.  People  began  to  leave  home  as  stay-at-home  orders  ended  even  if  orders  in  their  state  or  territory  remained.  Learn  more:  
False:  claim  that  the  reason  COVID-19  cases  are  going  up  in  Wisconsin  is  "because  the  testing  is  going  up.
Are  you  struggling  to  work  out  the  difference  between  real  and  fake  news  during  the  crisis?  Join  our  webinar  tomorrow  at  midday  AEST  where  Fact  Check  researchers  will  explain  our  tips  on  how  to  remain  properly  informed.  Register  here:  
Recent  case  data  also  show  that  ethnic/racial  minority  groups  are  overly  affected  by  Hispanic  and  non-White  people  make  up  40%  of  the  US  population  but  about  60%  of  COVID-19  cases.  See  more  demographic  trends  using  CDCs  COVID  Data  Tracker:  
Justin  Trudeau  Resigns  Amidst  Coronavirus  Pandemic  
57  people  died  due  to  covid-19  deaths  and  5731  people  infected  because  of  COMEDK  exams  in  Karnataka
In  spite  of  a  sustained  level  of  7  lakh  to  8  lakh  test  a  day  the  positivity  figure  has  come  down  from  1
India  conducts  a  record  high  of  nearly  8.5  lakh  tests  in  a  single  day  
Cabinet  Office  Minister  Michael  Gove  says  'there's  going  to  be  a  shift  of  emphasis'  on  working  from  home  in  the  new  restrictions.  Get  the  latest  news:  
CNBC  claims  COVID-19  survives  in  air  for  8  hours;  paper  and  plastic  for  3-4  hours
GOOD  NEWS!  chatbot  for  now  speaks  Portuguese.  With  more  than  2000  fact-checks  about  
Police  in  Spain,  keeping  kids  entertained  during  the  lockdown  by  performing  Baby  Shark.  This  is  the  best  thing  we  saw  all  During  Corona  Crisis  
After  launching  chatbots  for  in  English  Spanish  and  Hindi  is  proud  to  announce  a  4th  l
In  absolute  terms  the  U.S.  has  done  a  lot  of  testing  but  on  a  per-capita  basis  we're  pretty  far  behind  some  other  nations.  As  importantly  it  varies  wildly  between  the  states  as  this  chart  by  one  of  data  users  shows.  
Coronavirus  before  it  reaches  the  lungs  it  remains  in  the  throat  for  four  days  and  at  this  time  the  person  begins  to  cough  and  have  throat  pains.  If  he  drinks  water  a  lot  and  gargling  with  warm  water  &  salt  or  vinegar  eliminates  the  virus.  Spread  this  information  because  you  can  save  someone  with  this  information.
Use  the  Coronavirus  Self-Checker  to  help  decide  when  to  seek  testing  or  medical  care  for  Learn  more:  
A  video  of  a  speech  by  Tedros  Adhanom  Ghebreyesus.  On  a  voiceover  a  man  says  that  he  is  warning  Brazil  that  imported  masks  from  China  and  India  are  contaminated  with  the  SARS-Cov-2
BREAKING!  Batman  gets  Covid-19  after  wearing  a  mask  that  doesn't  cover  his  mouth
Sir  Patrick  Vallance  says  the  number  of  cases  are  'clearly  increasing  across  all  age  groups'  He  adds  'we  think  the  virus  is  doubling  roughly  every  seven  days'  and  emphasises  if  that  is  true  the  UK  could  have  49000  cases  per  day  in  mid-October  
One  person  has  been  stabbed  during  a  protest  against  the  government  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Moratalaz  in  Madrid.
_In  the  United  Kingdom  the  woman  who  was  tried  for  the  coronavrus  vaccine  has  died._
Trump  becomes  epicenter  of  coronavirus  
COVID-19  Update  There  are  no  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  New  Zealand  today.It  has  been  100  days  since  the  last  case  of  COVID-19  was  acquired  locally  from  an  unknown  source.  We  have  23  active  cases  of  COVID-19  in  managed  isolation  facilities.
We  need  to  develop  a  digital  certificate  that  shows  who  has  received  all  the  vaccinations.  Only  those  with  all  the  required  vaccinations  may    travel,  visit  churches,  participate  in  sports  and  music  events,  get  a    job,  etc.
testing  status  update:  stated  that  062454254  samples  tested  up  to  September  18  2020  0881911  samples  tested  on  September  18  2020  
Indian  Home  ministry  declares  posting  about  COVID-19  on  WhatsApp  groups  a  punishable  offence.
People  infected  with  coronavirus  die  in  the  street  while  doctors  travel  through  the  infection  zone.
State  and  local  health  departments  use  CDC  guidance  to  work  with  individual  clinicians  to  make  decisions  about  testing  for  the  virus  that  causes  To  learn  about  testing  in  your  community  visit  your  state  or  local  health  department  website:  
Deaths  unfortunately  bounced  back  as  they  did  last  Tuesday.  This  is  the  highest  death  total  for  any  day  so  far:  2299.  That's  up  849  day-over-day  and  up  373  compared  to  a  week  ago.  This  is  not  what  anyone  was  hoping  to  see  in  today's  data.  
deaths  are  rising  in  23  states;  cases  rising  in  20  states.  
COVID-19  Update  We  have  3  new  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19.  One  case  is  linked  to  the  cluster  in  Auckland  as  a  household  contact  of  a  previously  reported  case.  Two  are  imported  cases.  The  total  number  of  active  cases  is  114  of  which  18  are  imported  cases  from  MIQ.
Prime  Minister  Ana  Brnabic  claimed  that  the  number  of  respirators  is  a  state  secret  in  all  countries.
Thyrocare  Lab  In  Thane  Sealed  For  Giving  False  COVID  Positive  Reports
Could  you  or  a  loved  one  be  at  increased  risk  for  Find  out  why  some  racial  and  ethnic  groups  are  at  higher  risk  of  getting  COVID-19  or  experiencing  severe  illness:  
A  video  shows  healthcare  professionals  in  a  hospital  displaying  hopeful  message.  The  caption  states  the  video  was  filmed  at  Moinhos  de  Vento  Hospital  in  Porto  Alegre  Brazil  and  that  they  managed  to  cure  all  the  COVID-19  patients  in  their  ICU  and  were  thus  celebrating.
President  Donald  Trump  attending  the  recital  of  Quran  verses  to  fight  coronavirus.
Greece  is  the  number  one  country  in  terms  of  how  many  coronavirus  tests  have  been  conducted  for  each  confirmed  case.
India's  recovery  rate  improves  to  76.98%  as  on  September  02  2020  Steady  improvement  in  India's  COVID-19  recovery  rate  since  initiation  on  March  25  2020  Via  
48  coronavirus  patients  found  in  quarantine  center  in  Sultanpuri  in  Delhi  India  and  all  those  belong  to  Jamaat.
Various  steps  taken  by  GOI  for  removal  of  all  bottlenecks  have  paved  the  way  for  enhanced  testing  for  There  are  now  1074  testing  labs  (775  Govt.  &amp;  299  Pvt.)  in  the  country  comprising.  
Coronavirus  is  treated  only  with  thrombosis  treatments.
Italian  Billionaire  commits  suicide  by  throwing  himself  from  the  20th  floor  of  his  tower  after  his  entire  family  was  wiped  out  by  Coronavirus.
WHO  warned  against  consuming  cabbage  to  prevent  COVID-19.
You  must  act  now  in  Oklahoma.  To  prevent  hospital  overload  our  projections  indicate  a  Stay  at  Home  order  must  be  implemented  between  May  13th  and  May  18th  at  the  latest.  The  sooner  you  act  the  more  lives  you  save.  Learn  more  
BJP  leader  shares  fake  ads  of  Japanese  novelist  saying  COVID-19  is  man-made
Coronavirus  curfew:  New  restrictions  on  pubs  are  'bad  for  controlling  the  virus'  hospitality  expert  claims  
This  is  also  the  most  extensive  look  that  we've  released  about  the  specific  difficulties  that  our  project  faces  trying  to  compile  comparable  data  from  56  different  jurisdictions.  Florida  reports  as  much  or  more  data  than  almost  any  state  or  territory  and  still  problems  abound.
Since  then  the  number  of  cases  has  increased  more  than  fivefold  to  17.5  million  and  the  number  of  deaths  has  more  than  tripled  to  680000-
Billboard  Top  10  Music  Chart  -  Sponsored  By  The  Coronavirus  
Can  You  Get  Covid-19  From  A  Toilet  Seat?  
Cocaine  kills  coronavirus.
plasma  should  not  be  considered  standard  of  care  for  the  treatment  of  patients  with  
The  potential  connection  to  COVID-19  severity  makes  headache  this  weeks  clinical  trend.  
A  photo  shows  President  Rodrigo  Duterte  along  with  Senator  Bong  Go  doing  the  rounds  during  the  coronavirus  pandemic  in  the  Philippines.
Says  video  shows  the  Chinese  are  destroying  the  5G  poles  as  they  are  aware  that  it  is  the  thing  triggering  the  corona  symptoms.
scientist  have  discovered  that  weed  kills  corona  virus.
Cant  make  a  vaccine  that  works  for  influenza.  No  vaccine  for  RSV.  Cant  cure  cancer.  But  they  sure  as  heck  can  make  a  vaccine  in  6  months  for  an  illness  that  they  still  dont  understand.  Hows  that  Kool-Aid  taste.
Infectious  Disease  Modelling  Expert  Professor  John  Edmunds  says  he  does  not  believe  the  new  restrictions  will  be  enough  adding  that  he  would  introduce  a  two  week  lockdown  and  then  apply  the  restrictions  in  Scotland  to  the  rest  of  the  UK  for  "many  months"  
Youth  Sports  Organizations:  Consider  implementing  CDCs  new  tips  for  maintaining  healthy  operations  during  the  outbreak  such  as  staggered  schedules  &amp;  options  for  individuals  at  higher  risk  for  severe  illness.  More  tips:  
The  UK  recorded  20  deaths  of  people  with  confirmed  cases  of  today  according  to  government  figures  
At  the  onset  of  cases  with  travel  history  went  from  100%  to  a  current  2%  as  at  June  01.  23%  of  cases  are  contacts  of  confirmed  cases  while  source  of  infection  of  75%  is  unknown.  This  is  normal  &amp;  reflects  ongoing  community  transmission  in  Nigeria~  
Though  pregnant  women  are  less  likely  to  contract  coronavirus  when  they  do  they  need  intensive  care  more  often.  
As  at  12:30  pm  1st  April  there  are  151  confirmed  cases  9  discharged  2  deaths  For  a  breakdown  of  cases  by  states  in  real  time-  Currently;  Lagos-  82  FCT-  28  Osun-  14  Oyo-  8  Ogun-  4  Edo-  4  Kaduna-  3  Enugu-  2  Bauchi-  2  Ekiti-  2  Rivers-1  Benue-  1
Never  in  our  history  has  our  collective  destiny  and  our  collective  health  depended  so  completely  on  our  individual  behaviour  Boris  Johnson  insists  that  the  UK  is  better  prepared  now  than  it  was  when  the  first  wave  of  hit  Follow  live  here:  
Testing  remains  down.  Most  of  the  decline  in  the  7-day  average  for  tests  completed  is  in  the  South.  This  kind  of  decline  is  not  what  we  saw  from  Northeastern  states  as  they  emerged  from  their  intense  outbreaks  in  the  Spring.  
QAnon  theorists  have  touted  drinking  an  industrial  bleach  (known  as  MMS,  or  Miracle  Mineral  Solution)  as  a  "miracle  cure"  for  COVID-19  per  Wikipedia.  Crazy.  Democrat  says  Republican  ad  claiming  he  protects  pedophiles  is  aimed  at  QAnon  followers  via  
Garlic  water  prevents  the  novel  coronavirus  according  to  a  Chinese  doctor.
Dr  V.  K.Srinivas  ,  Vice  President,  Bharat  biotech,  taking  Corona  vaccine  clinical  trial  After  taking  the  first  dose  that  he  said  he  is  the  first  person  in  India  to  take  vaccine  developed  by  his  team  in  Bharat  Biotech.  Look  at  the  confidence  that  they  have  in  their  product.
Man  Doesn't  Want  To  Cause  Widespread  Panic,  But  EVERYONE  Is  Going  To  Die  
I've  always  known  this  is  a  real,  this  is  a  pandemic.  I've  felt  it  was  a  pandemic  long  before  it  was  called  a  pandemic.
A  lab-confirmed  case  is  a  person  who  has  symptoms  of  infection  such  as  cough  fever  sore  throat  difficulty  in  breathing  loss  of  smell/taste  diarrhoea  etc.  Based  on  clinical  severity  it  can  be  a  mild  moderate  or  a  severe  case.  
Eight  significant  clusters  have  closed  this  is  unchanged  from  yesterday.  A  cluster  is  considered  to  be  closed  when  there  have  been  no  new  cases  for  two  incubation  periods  (i.e.  28  days)  from  the  date  when  all  cases  have  completed  isolation.
Illinois  put  out  important  new  data  today:  confirmed  and  suspected  current  COVID-19  hospitalizations  ICU  admissions  and  ventilator  usage.  They  are  big  numbers  comparable  to  California  (which  reports  slightly  differently).  
We  have  90  active  cases  of  which  69  are  from  the  recent  community  outbreak  20  are  imported  cases  in  quarantine  and  1  case  is  under  investigation.There  are  6  people  receiving  hospital  level  care  for  COVID-19.  2  are  in  Auckland  city  hospital  while  4  are  in  Middlemore  Hospital
Such  an  approach  has  started  showing  results  and  recoveries  are  also  increasing  exponentially.
Picture  shows  Bill  Gates  and  White  House  health  advisor  Dr  Anthony  Fauci  violating  social  distancing  norms  and  not  wearing  masks.
GoI  recommends  use  of  1%  sodium  hypochlorite  phenolic  disinfectants  70%  Alcohol  for  disinfection  for  Chloroxylenol  (4.5-5.5%)/  Benzalkonium  Chloride  or  any  other  disinfectants  found  to  be  effective  against  coronavirus  may  be  used  as  per  manufacturers  instruction
and  share  many  characteristics  but  there  are  some  key  differences.  From  signs  and  symptoms  to  who  is  at  risk  for
Yesterday  230  thousand  cases  of  were  reported  to  WHO.  Almost  80%  of  those  cases  were  reported  from  just  10  countries  and  50%  come  from  just  two  countries-
Children  do  contract  the  coronavirus  but  current  research  shows  it  is  happening  at  a  much  lower  rate  than  for  adults.  
President  Trump  Says  He  Will  Never,  Ever  Get  The  Coronavirus  
This  week  CDC  received  20  models  to  forecast  possible  deaths  in  the  US.  As  of  June  1  the  combined  forecast  suggests  the  increase  in  total  number  of  deaths  will  continue  to  slow  with  between  118000  and  143000  deaths  by  June  27.  See:  
A  hospital  with  2200  beds  was  constructed  in  Gujarat  India  in  just  6  days.
If  you  have  recovered  from  confirmed  by  a  positive  test  please  donate  plasma  now.  You  can  literally  help  save  lives.
As  of  July  7:  Almost  3  million  cases  have  been  reported  in  the  United  States.  The  number  of  cases  continue  to  increase  with  larger  increases  in  the  Southeast  Southwest  and  West  Coast.  See  how  many  cases  have  been  reported  in  your  state:  
The  government  is  changing  the  rules  around  self-isolation  in  a  move  to  force  more  people  to  stay  at  home  if  they  have  
We  think  we're  capturing  north  of  90%  of  tests  based  on  what  the  Coronavirus  Task  Force  has  said.  But  no  the  stats  are  definitely  imperfect.  The  real  situation  is  worse.  -
USA  just  discovered  the  man  who  manufactured  and  sold  the  to  Dr  HOD  chemistry  and  biology  USA.  He  was  just  arrested  today,  Is  it  true?  
(2/4)  It  is  heartening  to  see  UK  introduce  the  DnaNudge  test.  India  introduced  its  TrueNat  platform  a  similar  indigenously  developed  system  back  in  April  which  is  easy  to  use  with  an  added  advantage  of  having  half  the  turn-around  time.  
Ten  new  cases  of  have  been  reported  in  Nigeria;  7  in  Lagos  and  3  in  the  FCT.  As  at  08:00  pm  2nd  April  there  are  184  confirmed  cases  of  reported  in  Nigeria.  Twenty  have  been  discharged  with  two  deaths  
infection  still  remains  concentrated  in  10  States  that  contribute  more  than  80%  of  the  new  cases.
White  House  Grants  Covid-19  A  Green  Card  Visa  
_ParaMilitary  forces  have  been  deployed  in  Surat  Rajkot  and  Baroda  to  control  the  coronavirus  situation._
Pictures  allegedly  show  Angela  Merkel  at  a  voting  conference  of  her  party  CDU  on  July  7th  without  keeping  distance
We  want  to  preview  some  changes  well  be  making  this  week  as  we  enter  our  3rd  week.  We  never  thought  wed  still  be  doing  this  when  we  first  launched  this  project.  We  imagined  the  would  take  over.  Now  we  have  to  rebuild  ourselves  for  sustainability.
The  Freely  Filtered  podcast  hosts  discuss  the  knowns  and  unknowns  of  COVID-19s  impact  on  the  kidney.  
Chlorine  dioxide  has  already  proved  efficacious  as  a  mouthwash  to  decreases  the  load  of  the  covid-19  virus.  Bolivia  has  used  it  as  a  safe  and  effective  treatment  to  eradicate  the  virus.  Please  can  we  do  a  Clinical  trial  in  India?  
This  is  not  the  moment  for  half-measures  (...)  History  wont  forgive  us  for  waiting  an  hour  more.The  Bay  Area  was  able  to  If  we  hope  to  keep  the  rest  of  the  country  safe  we  must  follow  their  lead  and  continue  to  
While  the  number  of  daily  tests  has  increased  as  an  integral  part  of  CHASE  THE  VIRUS  strategy  States  have  been  advised  that  all  symptomatic  negatives  of  Rapid  Antigen  Tests  are  mandatorily  subjected  to  RT-PCR.
if  your  child  gets  this  virus  they're  going  to  the  hospital  alone  in  a  van  with  people  they  don't  know  to  be  with  people  they  don't  know.  You  will  be  at  home  without  them  in  their  time  of  need.
663  new  cases  of  Lagos-170  Ogun-108  Bauchi-69  Ebonyi-49  Edo-33  Rivers-30  FCT-26  Jigawa-26  Delta-20  Anambra-17  Gombe-16  Kano-16  Imo-15  Abia-14  Borno-11  Oyo-11  Plateau-8  Kebbi-6  Kaduna-6  Ondo-4  Niger-2  Katsina-2  Osun-1  Ekiti-1  Kwara-1  Nasarawa-1  
India  Tracker  (As  on  21  September  2020  08:00  AM)  Confirmed  cases:  5487580  Recovered:  4396399  (80.1%)Active  cases:  1003299  (18.3%)  Deaths:  87882  (1.6%)  Via  
Announcing  our  Long-Term  Care  COVID  Trackerthe  most  comprehensive  dataset  on  COVID-19  in  long-term  care  facilities  in  the  United  States.  
Chief  Secretary  of  West  Bengal  was  not  following  relaxing  while  the  state  was  performing  poorly  as  it  fought  COVID-19.
The  Brazilian  Ministry  of  Health  forbade  the  expression  "COVID-19  suspect"  to  be  used  on  death  certificates.
Video  of  Byculla  (Maharashtra)  MLA  Waris  Pathan  threatening  Police  to  open  a  mosque  during  the  existing  lockdown  impplemented  to  contain  COVID-19  spread.
Pubs  bars  and  restaurants  in  England  will  be  forced  to  close  at  10pm  every  night  from  Thursday  -  but  here  are  three  other  sets  of  measures  that  Boris  Johnson  could  be  set  to  announce  
A  WhatsApp  message  says  taht  in  Ecuador  the  cure  for  the  coronavirus  has  already  been  found  thanks  to  the  fact  that  Ecuadorian  doctors  who  "disobeyed  the  global  law"  from  the  World  Health  Organization  (WHO)  not  to  do  autopsies.  Thus  they  would  have  discovered  that  the  cause  of  the  disease  is  a  bacterium  and  its  remedy  antibiotics  anti-inflammatories  and  anticoagulants.
a  new  vaccine  for  COVID-19  will  alter  a  person's  DNA  and  genetically  modify  humans.
Ireland  Says  That  Due  To  The  Coronavirus,  Anyone  Caught  Kissing  The  Blarney  Stone  Will  Be  Arrested  on  Th
Thoughts  on  the  Lancet  and  NEJM  retractions.  
We're  still  a  long  way  away  from  herd  immunity  from  COVID-19  in  the  United  States.  
people  is  not  obstacle  
Adults  age  65+  and  those  with  underlying  health  conditions  are  at  higher  risk  for  severe  illness  from  Learn  more  in  this  video  with  CDCs  Dr.  Georgina  Peacock:  
Multiple  Facebook  posts  shared  thousands  of  times  by  Filipino  Facebook  users  make  several  false  claims  about  a  future  vaccine  for  COVID-19  the  disease  caused  by  the  novel  coronavirus.  The  posts  also  make  claims  about  a  link  between  a  potential  vaccine  and  the  rollout  of  5G  technology.
NEWS!  Stories  about  coronavirus  going  viral  go  viral  
The  low  positive  testing  rate  is  a  good  sign  for  northern  Michigan.  
Protect  yourself  from  when  going  shopping.  Order  online  or  use  curbside  pickup  if  possible  wear  a  face  covering  practice  and  wash  your  hands  with  soap  and  water  after  leaving  the  store.  Get  more  tips:  
States  reported  42k  new  cases  today.  The  five  highest  days  in  our  data  are  the  last  5  days.  Here  are  the  number  of  new  cases  reported  on  the  last  5  Sundays:  6/21:  27287  6/14:  21240  6/7:  18744  5/31:  21575  5/24:  20111  
Another  implication  of  that  fact:  there  is  a  lot  of  headroom  left  for  the  outbreak  to  grow.  We've  locked  in  lots  of  transmission  already  as  the  data  we  see  here  lags  by  1-3  weeks  from  the  time  of  infection.
SURVEY:  23.8%  of  Americans  are  very  concerned  about  access  to  health  care  during  the  COVID-19  pandemic.  
President  Donald  Trump  claims  he  didn't  say  thatsome  of  the  medical  equipment  that  governors  are  requesting  they  don't  actually  need.
BREAKING!  After  'loss  of  taste'  is  added  to  list  of  Coronavirus  symptoms,  government  advises  self-isolation  for  anyone  who  has  recently  enjoyed  an  episode  of  Mrs  Brown's  Boys
This  would  be  farcical  if  it  were  not  so  serious  Rachel  Reeves  says  one  of  the  sites  earmarked  to  act  as  a  post-Brexit  lorry  park  is  currently  a  testing  centre.  Read  the  latest:  
A  video  has  been  viewed  thousands  of  times  in  multiple  posts  on  Facebook  and  Twitter  which  claim  it  shows  that  US  President  Donald  Trump  tested  positive  for  the  novel  coronavirus.
Hindu  gods  quarantined  due  to  Covid-19
The  rapid  diagnostic  tests  for  coronavirus  are  being  manipulated  to  show  more  coronavirus  infections.
Multiple  studies  published  this  year  show  that  mask-wearing  on  a  broad  scale  can  reduce  the  spread  of  COVID-19  a  fact  that's  been  emphasized  by  the  CDC  and  Dr.  Anthony  Fauci.  
As  of  March  9  78  state  and  local  public  health  labs  across  50  states  now  have  the  capacity  to  test  up  to  75000  people  for  State/local  public  health  staff  determine  which  specimens  should  be  tested.  See  updated  interim  testing  guidance:  
GOI  has  strongly  advised  States/UTs  to  take  immediate  steps  to  facilitate  testing  at  the  earliest  by  enabling  all  qualified  medical  practitioners  including  private  practitioners  to  prescribe  test  to  any  individual  fulfilling  the  criteria  for  testing  as  per  guidelines
We  have  1452  people  reported  as  having  recovered  from  COVID-19  5  more  people  than  yesterday.  This  is  97%  of  all  cases.There  is  just  one  person  receiving  hospital-level  care  for  COVID-19.  They  are  not  in  ICU.We  still  have  16  significant  clusters.
NEW:  A  website  with  a  track  record  of  publishing  conspiracy  theories  and  Russian  propaganda  claimed  that  COVID-19  PCR  tests  are  "scientifically  meaningless."  That's  Pants  on  Fire  false.  
At  every  turn,  President  Trump  ignored  the  experts,  downplayed  the  threat  COVID-19  posed,  and  misled  the  American  people  and  were  all  paying  the  price  every  single  day.  
_Indian  Prime  Minister  Narendra  Modi  has  been  selected  as  the  leader  of  International  COVID-19  task  force._
Yesterday  our  laboratories  completed  2574  tests  bringing  the  total  of  tests  to  395510.  This  includes  testing  in  managed  isolation  facilities  and  in  the  community.
Multiple  Facebook  posts  claim  that  Aussies  will  be  fined  if  they  are  found  to  be  talking  about  conspiracies  to  do  with  [COVID-19].  The  posts  included  a  screenshot  of  a  segment  from  an  Australian  breakfast  television  show  as  evidence  for  the  claim.
Coronavirus:  Care  home  staff  in  COVID-19  hotspots  wait  over  a  week  for  test  results  
Video  shows  doctors  and  nurses  turning  their  back  to  the  Health  ministry  of  Spain  as  he  arrives  to  a  Hospital.
Maharashtra  (India)'s  CM  Uddhav  Thackeray  announced  reimplementation  of  lockdown
Thankfully  only  1  state  in  the  Northeast  (Pennsylvania)  has  a  percent-positive  rate  over  3%  over  the  past  7  days.  
NEW:  During  a  visit  to  the  state  Joe  Biden  mistook  Michigans  COVID-19  numbers  for  military  toll.  
Type  1  and  type  2  diabetes  associated  with  much  higher  risk  of  in-hospital  death  with  
60177  have  recovered  in  the  last  24  hours.  With  these  national  figures  the  Recovery  Rate  amongst  the  has  touched  76.28%.  Details  :  
The  infodemic  isn't  just  spreading  online  it's  spreading  offline  too.  Fact  Check  has  become  aware  of  a  leaflet  which  was  dropped  in  a  Melbourne  mailbox  containing  misleading  information  which  we've  debunked:  
UPDATE:  impact  on  HIV  TB  &amp;  Malaria  Related  deaths  over  5  years  could  increase  up  to  10-36%  in  high  burden  settings  Maintaining  critical  prevention  &amp;  healthcare  services  significantly  reduce  the  overall  impact  of  the  COVID-19  epidemic  Report  
New  York  continues  to  dominate  the  numbers  as  you  can  see  in  these  tiny  charts  of  COVID-19  deaths  in  hard-hit  states.  
As  India  detected  more  cases  in  Mar-Apr  2020  fake  misleading  claims  around  the  rose.  Most  common  were  communal  rumours  followed  by  false  guidelines/notifications  per  analysis.  
Alberta  government  encourages  tire  burning  to  make  up  for  lost  carbon  emissions  during  pandemic  
Shaheen  bagh  lady  saying  Corona  comes  from  Quran,  more  serious  diseases  will  come  but  will  not  affect  them  ,  oh  yeah  just  have  to  fear.  
In  a  global  race  against  nine  leading  vaccine  developers  pledge  to  uphold  scientific  standards.  
Coronavirus  Can  Now  Mutate  Into  Donald  Trump  Lookalike  
93%  of  the  (COVID-19)  cases  in  the  state  of  Illinois  have  come  from  Chicago.
Nigeria  has  5  labs  with  the  capacity  to  test  for  located  in  FCT  Lagos  Edo  and  Osun  States.  
Anthony  Fauci  knew  about  the  new  coronavirus  from  2017  and  journalists  exhibit  mannequins  as  COVID-19  patients  to  deceive  the  public  according  to  an  interview  with  a  man  named  Rashid  Buttar.
A  SAGE  report  at  the  end  of  August  found  just  20%  of  those  reporting  symptoms  in  England  fully  self-isolate  at  home  for  the  required  two  weeks  
A  small  city  on  the  countryside  of  Brazil  cured  1500  people  with  hydroxichloroquine  and  the  city  has  no  deaths.
Masks  are  not  a  belief  system.  Youre  just  blatantly  ignoring  scientific  evidence.  
The  overarching  goal  of  the  COVAX  Facility  is  to  ensure  that  all  countries  have  access  to  vaccines  at  the  same  time  and  that  priority  is  given  to  those  most  at  risk  including  health  workers  older  people  and  others  at  the  highest  risk-
Man  Has  Decided  To  Get  Fit  
We  fact-checked  President  Trump's  Axios  interview.  Here's  our  roundup  verifying  claims  on  COVID-19  deaths  Black  Lives  Matter  and  the  late  Rep.  John  Lewis.  
Pedro  Snchez  has  a  medical  team  of  14  people  to  take  care  of  him  since  the  coronavirus  crisis.
Why  did  the  US  (NIH)  in  2017  give  $3.7m  to  the  Wuhan  Lab  in  China?  Such  grants  were  prohibited  in  2014.  Did  Pres.  Obama  grant  an  exception?
The  substance,  chlorine  dioxide,  is  a  powerful  bleach  used  in  textile  manufacturing.  The  Grenons  market  it  as  miracle  mineral  solutionor  MMS  which  they  say  when  drunk  as  a  dilution  can  cure  almost  all  illnesses  including  Covid,  cancer,  HIV/Aids  as  well  as  the  condition  autism.  
President  Trump  Tells  a  Group  of  High  School  Students  They  Dont  Have  to  Wear  Their  COVID-19  Masks  
Our  Mobile  van  passing  through  Tilak  Nagar  Rohtak  creating  awareness  on  Appropriate  behaviours  among
.has  blamed  past  administrations  for  a  flawed  coronavirus  test.  But  the  test  couldnt  have  existed  before  the  new  virus  emerged:  
PM  Modi  dressed  "like  a  marriage  reception"  on  his  visit  to  a  hospital  recently  despite  the  COVID-19  pandemic  in  the  country.
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Weve  now  tracked  17.3  million  tests  up  404k  from  yesterday  in  line  with  recent  numbers.  For  details  see:  (Corrected  the  chart  which  was  missing  a  day  of  data.)  
Great  news!  virus  vaccine  ready.  Able  to  cure  patient  within  3  hours  after  injection.  Hats  off  to  US  Scientists.    Right  now  Trump  announced  that  Roche  Medical  Company  will  launch  the    vaccine  next  Sunday,  and  millions  of  doses  are  ready  from  it  !!!  Note  :    This  message  requires  confirmation
A  photo  of  a  pile  of  money.  On  the  caption  it  is  stated  that  this  money  was  meant  to  fund  temporary  hospitals  in  Rio  but  it  was  stolen  by  an  aide  of  governor  Wilson  Witzel.
The  government's  chief  scientific  officer  Sir  Patrick  Vallance  says  the  UK  could  face  49000  new  cases  a  day  by  mid-October.  Get  the  latest  on  this  story:  
As  of  June  22  forecasts  suggest  13  states  are  likely  to  report  more  deaths  in  the  next  4  weeks  than  the  previous  4  weeks.  Nationally  between  130000  and  150000  total  deaths  are  expected  by  July  18:  
We've  made  a  Twitter  list  of  state  (and  DC!)  public  health  departments  in  the  United  States.  Follow  these  accounts  to  stay  current  on  
COVID  risk  among  hospital  staff  was  highest  among  cleaners  (34.5%)  and  lowest  among  ICU  and  general  surgery  staff  (13%)  new  analysis  finds.  
Our  daily  update  is  now  published.  States  reported  ~586k  tests  completed.  For  details  see:  
The  Souths  seven-day  average  for  new  cases  per  million  people  dropped  to  205  from  a  July  22  peak  of  315.  In  the  West  the  seven-day  average  is  back  up  to  179  new  cases  per  million  people  after  a  dip  earlier  this  month  related  in  part  to  CAs  reporting  system  problems.  
Total  Cases  in  India  (as  on  September  12  2020)  77.77%  Cured/Discharged/Migrated  (3624196)  20.57%  Active  cases  (958316)  1.66%  Deaths  (77472)  Total  COVID-19  confirmed  cases  =  Cured/Discharged/Migrated+Active  cases+Deaths  
The  real  news  today  is  that  the  U.S.  set  a  record  for  new  cases  today:  38672.  The  previous  record  was  April  25  at  36001.  
Sir  Patrick  Vallance  has  said  a  vaccine  could  be  available  for  some  groups  in  first  half  of  2021.  Get  the  latest  on  
Says  Herman  Cain  died  of  cancer,  not  COVID-19.
The  Brazilian  National  Congress  approved  a  law  which  demands  you  to  wear  maks  inside  your  house  during  the  COVID-19  pandemic.  Police  officers  will  be  allowed  to  enter  your  house  to  verify  if  you're  wearing  a  mask  or  not.
Hospital  La  Paz  in  Madrid  Spain  is  requesting  blankets  for  patients  admitted  to  the  hospital.
Russia  released  500  lions  to  ensure  people  would  stay  inside  houses.
to  slow  the  spread  of  by  wearing  a  cloth  face  covering  in  public  spaces  keeping  at  least  6  feet  of
This  is  the  second  day  in  a  row  in  which  the  positive  rate  was  below  10%.  For  most  of  April  we  were  at  or  near  20%.  That  said  the  absolute  number  of  new  cases  has  not  fallen  as  much.  States  reported  22k  new  cases  today.  
Mike  Pompeo  launches  fresh  attack  on  the  Who  over  coronavirus  
Dr.  Megha  Vyas  from  Pune,  India  died  due  to  COVID-19  while  treating  COVID  patients.
Health  Ministry  issues  "Containment  and  Surveillance  Manual  for  Supervisors  in  containment  zones"  
The  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  is  now  1215  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  World  Health  Organization.  There  is  no  one  in  New  Zealand  receiving  hospital-level  care  for  COVID-19.
As  of  June  30:  More  than  2.5  million  cases  have  been  reported  in  the  U.S.  with  40  states  and  jurisdictions  reporting  more  than  10000  cases.  See  how  many  cases  have  been  reported  in  your  state  or  county  here:  
Today  the  Honourable  Minister  convened  a  live  press  briefing  to  update  Nigerians  on  the  ongoing  response  to  the  COVID19  outbreak  in  Nigeria.  As  at  26th  March  2020  there  have  been  51  cases  of  recorded  in  Nigeria.  2  have  been  discharged  with  1  death.  
Pradhan  Mantri  Jeevan  Jyoti  Bima  Yojana(PMJJBY)  and  Pradhan  Mantri  Suraksha  Bima  Yojana(PMSBY)  will  provide  claims  to  COVID-19  related  deaths
Covid-19  Wiped  Out  After  5G  Masts  Destroyed  
California  has  finally  provided  an  update.  It's  unclear  if  the  total  test  count  includes  pending  but  that's  a  large  number  of  testssecond  only  to  New  Yorkand  presumably  includes  commercial  test  providers.  
Two  European  patients  reinfected  with  raising  concerns  about  immunity  and  vaccine  efficacy.  
Kia  ora  Vincent  Sorry  you're  having  issues  with  the  app.  Please  call  the  Ministry  of  Health  team  on  0800  800  606  or  email  your  query  and/or  feedback  about  the  app  to  tracingapp-feedback
Electric  Eels  'Agitated'  Left  Man  Agitated  
The  Drugs  Controller  General  of  India  (DCGI)  has  also  permitted  two  indigenously  developed  vaccines  for  one  developed  by  Bharat  Biotech  International  Ltd  in  collaboration  with  and  another  by  Zydus  Cadila  Healthcare  Ltd  for  Phase  I  &amp;  II  clinical  trials.
In  2017  Dr.  Shi  from  Wuhan  Institute  of  Virology  Claimed  She  Kept  a  Large  Reservoir  of  Bat  Viruses  and  Related  Vaccines      
The  novel  coronavirus  was  made  in  a  lab  and  is  now  spread  as  a  way  to  force  vaccinate  people.
Public  broadcast  RTVE  published  a  map  of  coronavirus  cases  in  Spain  that  in  fact  was  a  map  of  penis'  average  size  in  different  regions.
At  least  we're  not  still  at  2000.
India's  recovery  rate  improves  to  77.32%  as  on  September  06  2020  Steady  improvement  in  India's  COVID-19  recovery  rate  since  initiation  on  March  25  2020  Via  
.announced  it  would  donate  $1  billion  over  four  years  to  communities  of  color  and  minority-owned  businesses  affected  by  COVID-19.  The  bank  did  not  pledge  to  contribute  money  directly  to  the  Black  Lives  Matter  organization.  
Were  learning  the  science  around  in  real-time  to  inform  our  response.  New  studies  have  shown  the  longest  viability  period  of  the  virus  is  10days.  Were  reviewing  our  case  management  guideline  in  Nigeria  from  admission  to  discharge  of  cases~at  
JUST  IN:  Rhode  Island  Governor  issues  "stay  at  home"  order  amid  coronavirus  pandemic  bans  gatherings  of  over  five  people  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  States  reported  694k  tests  42k  cases  and  1022  COVID-19  deaths.  
COVID-19  Update  There  are  13  new  cases  of  COVID-19  today.  2  are  imported  cases  in  managed  isolation  and  11  cases  are  in  the  community.
False  claims  on  number  of  deaths  due  to  COVID-19  in  Sri  Lanka.
Doctored  image  of  President  Donald  Trump  shared  claiming  he  asked  people  to  chant  Hare  Krishna  Hare  Rama.
If  you've  followed  this  account  you  know  that  testing  has  roughly  plateaued  through  the  first  half  of  April.  That  makes  the  decreasing  rate  of  growth  in  casesless  significant  than  it  appears  to  be.  and  explain  here:  
The  northeast  has  bottomed  out  while  the  south  and  west  are  growing.  For  the  last  two  days  the  state  of  Arizona  alone  has  reported  more  new  cases  than  the  whole  northeast.  This  was  unimaginable  even  a  few  weeks  ago.  
To  answer  this  we  need  better  more  testing  and  more  follow-ups  on  those  without  symptoms.  
Testing  numbers  have  begun  to  rise  again  in  California.  Texas  seems  to  have  begun  solving  their  test  issues  reporting  over  124k  tests  today  alone.  Florida  testing  remains  far  from  peak  numbers  in  July.  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  We've  now  tracked  626667  completed  tests  with  more  than  ~100k  reported  over  the  last  24  hours.  Note:  We  think  we  are  capturing  roughly  90%  of  tests  completed.  For  state-by-state  details  see:  
Yesterday  our  laboratories  completed  2830  tests  of  which  341  were  in  managed  isolation  and  quarantine  facilities.  That  brings  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  451616.
TTC  adequate  for  first  time  in  40  years  
Total  Cases  in  India  (as  on  September  01  2020)  76.94%  Cured/Discharged/Migrated  (2839882)  21.29%  Active  cases  (785996)  1.77%  Deaths  (65288)  Total  COVID-19  confirmed  cases  =  Cured/Discharged/Migrated+Active  cases+Deaths  
ICMR  has  set  up  testing  labs  in  Leh  at  18000  ft  above  sea  level  and  there  are  1366  labs  all  across  
Fauci  called  the  launches  importanttesting  patients  both  in  and  out  of  the  hospital.  
!  New  recoveries  in  India  have  exceeded  the  new  cases  for  the  last  six  days  The  total  number  of
SOP  for  partial  reopening  of  Schools(w.e.f  today-21st  September  2020)  Planning  the  reopening  of  schools
The  Virology  Laboratory  at  Federal  Medical  Centre  Owo  Ondo  State  has  been  included  in  the  National  Molecular  Laboratory  Network  This  brings  the  total  number  of  laboratories  in  the  national  network  to  40  In  progress:  Gombe  
A  video  clip  of  a  leading  opposition  politician  in  India  has  been  viewed  thousands  of  times  in  multiple  Facebook  and  Twitter  posts  alongside  a  claim  that  it  shows  him  making  a  confusing  remark  about  Indias  system  for  classifying  regional  COVID-19  infections  levels.
Former  Filipino  Senator  Antonio  Trillanes  IV  said  President  Rodrigo  Duterte  created  COVID-19  together  with  China.
Trump  announced  that  Roche  Medical  Company  will  launch  the  vaccine  next  Sunday,  and  millions  of  doses  are  ready  from  it  !!!
We're  debunking  misinformation  about  coronavirus.  Why?  Because  hoaxes  travel  fast  and  the  numbers  and  causes  of  this  growing  outbreak  need  clarification.  
Manir  Hossain  a  23-year-old  man  from  Indias  Tripura  died  in  a  hospital  in  Malaysia  due  to  the  new  coronavirus.
624  new  cases  of  Lagos-212  Oyo-69  Niger-49  Kano-37  Osun-37  FCT-35  Plateau-34  Gombe-33  Edo-28  Enugu-28  Ebonyi-17  Delta-10  Katsina-9  Ogun-8  Rivers-7  Ondo-5  Kaduna-4  Nasarawa-2  41804  confirmed  18764  discharged  868  deaths  
India  scales  a  new  peak  in  daily  testing.  More  than  9  lakh  tests  conducted  in  the  last  24  hours.  The  positivity  rate  comes  down  below  8%.  
We  have  reached  out  to  Julius  Berger  clinic  in  Lifecamp  Abuja  and  they  have  NO  case  as  stated  in  this  tweet.  They  also  confirmed  that  they  have  access  to  us  and  will  inform  us  accordingly  if  there  is  a  suspect  case.  
NICE  will  not  be  approving  encorafenib  +  cetuximab  for  treating  BRAF  V600E  mCRC.  
Avoid  cold  beverages  to  stay  safe.
Total  Cases  in  India  (as  on  September  21  2020)  80.12%  Cured/Discharged/Migrated  (4396399)  18.28%  Active  cases  (1003299)  1.60%  Deaths  (87882)  Total  COVID-19  confirmed  cases  =  Cured/Discharged/Migrated+Active  cases+Deaths  
While  CDC  considers  a  serious  situation  and  is  taking  preparedness  measures  the  immediate  risk  in  the  U.S.  is  considered  low.  Everyone  should  always  take  simple  daily  precautions  to  help  prevent  the  spread  of  respiratory  illnesses.  
Says  20  million  Chinese  converted  to  Islam  after  its  proven  that  the  coronavirus  doesnt  affect  Muslims.
Of  the  new  recovered  cases  about  60%  are  reported  from  five  States  viz.  Maharashtra  Tamil  Nadu  Andhra  Pradesh  Karnataka  &amp;  Uttar  Pradesh.  Maharashtra  has  alone  contributed  more  than  22000  (23%)  &amp;  Andhra  Pradesh  has  contributed  more  than  11000  (12.3%)  to  the  new  recoveries.  
Coronavirus:  Israel  becomes  first  country  in  the  world  to  impose  second  national  lockdown  
China  happy  that  all  this  Huawei  business  is  distracting  from  their  genocide    
OK  our  daily  update  is  published.  States  reported  637k  tests.  Todays  case  count  is  the  second-highest  in  our  data;  the  record  was  set  yesterday.  Hospitalizations  kept  moving  upward  and  states  reported  867  deaths.  
On  26  February,  Trump  stated:  "Covid  is  a  flu.  This  is  like  a  flu"
An  article  claiming  that  "Bill  Gates'  vaccine"  would  modify  human  DNA.
If  youre  sick  with  &amp;  your  pet  becomes  sick  dont  take  your  pet  to  the  veterinary  clinic  yourself.  Call  your  veterinarian  &amp;  let  them  know  you  have  been  sick  with  COVID-19.  
California  has  announced  a  frustrating  decision.  After  6  weeks  of  counting  people  tested  they  have  begun  reporting  total  tests  completed  with  no  attempt  to  resolve  them  to  an  individual  patient.  
Claim  that  President  Donald  Trump  is  trying  to  make  $451  billion  in  Medicare  cuts  "in  the  middle  of  a  deadly  pandemic."
Italian  doctors  have  confirmed  that  COVID-19  is  a  bacterial  disease  and  not  caused  by  a  virus  as  claimed  by  a  number  of  authorities.
Right,Bold  Decision  time..  Kudos  to  Byrti  sir,  In  this  pandemic  all  Pvt  hospitals  looting  patients  still  officials  Connived2defend.themselves.!!  India  share  of  active  cases  33%(World  35%)  It  seems  "to  be  cautious".!  
Once  again  we  have  no  new  cases  of  to  report.  Today's  update  also  details  new  features  that  will  be  released  fo
The  latest  CDC  report  shows  people  65+  continue  to  have  the  highest  rates  of  hospitalizations  followed  by  people  age  5064.  Hospitalization  rates  are  cumulative  and  will  continue  to  increase  as  the  pandemic  continues:  
Since  the  onset  of  the  response  our  strategy  has  been  to  test  trace  &amp;  isolate  Testing  is  the  only  way  to  estimate  our  burden  of  Weve  scaled  capacity  to  63  labs  nationwide  however  our  current  challenge  is  under  utilisation~DG  NCDC  at  PTF  briefing  
India  continues  to  scale  new  heights  in  COVID-19  tests.  Over  11.5  lakh  tests  conducted  in  the  last  24  hour.  
Coronavirus  "  22.  Clintons  "  39.
Video  shows  the  first  infected  patient  of  COVID-19  at  Dhanbad  Hospital.
A  purported  notice  issued  by  the  Pakistan  Red  Crescent  and  Pakistan's  Health  Department  on  COVID-19  isolation  rules  has  been  shared  thousands  of  times  on  Facebook.  The  advisory  claims  that  families  of  those  killed  while  in  isolation  will  not  be  able  to  hold  funerals  or  burials  for  them
In  between  all  the  dunks  3-pointers  and  overtime  finishes  from  the  first  week  of  the  NBAs  restart  a  pair  of  young  players  drew  controversy  off  the  court  when  they  spread  falsehoods  and  conspiracies  about  the  coronavirus  online.  
Empty  hospital  corridors  and  waiting  rooms  in  Toulon  France  prove  that  the  government  is  lying  on  the  degree  of  gravity  of  coronavirus  crisis.
5  States-Maharashtra  Andhra  Pradesh  Karnataka  Uttar  Pradesh  &amp;  Tamil  Nadu  account  for  62%  of  the  total  active  cases  in  the  country:  Secretary  
NEWS!  Government  reveals  new  line  of  masks  to  allow  wearers  to  travel  freely  during  lockdown  
I  know  it  doesn't  feel  like  it  but  this  virus  will  pass.  It  won't  last  forever.  First  Minister  Nicola  Sturgeon  thanks  the  people  of  Scotland  for  the  "sacrifices"  they  have  made  so  far.  Get  the  latest  on  the  new  restrictions:  
Biden  said  feds  have  no  game  planto  distribute  COVID-19  vaccine.  A  plan  is  in  the  works.  Committees  are  expected  to  make  recommendations  on  which  groups  should  get  the  vaccine  first.  
Pubs  bars  and  restaurants  in  England  will  be  forced  to  close  at  10pm  every  night  from  Thursday  -  but  here  are  three  other  sets  of  measures  that  Boris  Johnson  could  be  set  to  announce  
A  video  has  been  viewed  hundreds  of  thousands  of  times  on  Facebook  and  YouTube  in  March  and  April  2020  alongside  a  claim  it  shows  a  Koran  recitation  during  a  US  Senate  meeting  attended  by  President  Donald  Trump  during  the  COVID-19  pandemic.
Wearing  Mask  To  Protect  From  COVID-19  Causes  Fungal  Lung  Infection
A  video  showing  medical  staff  in  Turkey  saluting  citizens.
Our  combined  total  of  confirmed  and  probable  cases  remains  at  1504.  One  additional  person  has  recovered  taking  recoveries  to  1456.  This  represents  97%  of  all  confirmed  and  probable  cases  as  having  recovered  from  COVID-19.  There  are  no  additional  deaths  to  report.
has  advised  140  tests  per  day  per  million  population.  With  focussed  Centre  led  efforts  and  effec
This  is  the  investigation  that  everyone  agrees  with  .this  Trump  loser  lied  about  the  seriousness  of  COVID  plague  then  refused  to  test  Americans  then  pushed  bleach  and  chloroquine  on  Americans,  anyone  else  would  will  in  prison  for  murder  in  the  first  degree  Not  negligence  
Authorities  from  the  Guatemalan  Ministry  of  Health  said  they  would  buy  at  least  200  respirators  but  there  has  been  talk  of  a  shortage  of  this  type  of  medical  equipment.
Coronavirus:  London  is  only  two  or  three  days  behind  COVID-19  hotspots  modelling  suggests  
Yesterday  our  labs  completed  3402  tests  bring  the  total  to  344519.  On  Saturday  430  tests  were  taken  in  the  facilities  in  Auckland  and  61  in  Christchurch  there  is  still  a  large  amount  of  testing  happening  in  the  community  with  symptoms.
In  Pennsylvania  actions  taken  over  the  past  two  weeks  including  shutting  down  thousands  of  businesses  and  issuing  a  stay-at-homeorder  for  19  counties  are  essential  to  thwarting  worst-case  scenarios  and  reducing  future  deaths.  
People  are  handing  out  masks  doused  with  chemicals  which  knocks  you  out  coldso  they  can  rob  you.
Feb.  14:  We  have  a  very  small  number  of  people  in  the  country  right  now  with  it.  Its  like  around  12.  Many  of  them  are  getting  better.  Some  are  fully  recovered  already.  So  were  in  very  good  shape."  Feb.  24:  The  Coronavirus  is  very  much  under  control  in  the  USA.
Over  50  diagnostics  are  in  evaluation  including  potentially  game-changing  rapid  antigen  tests.  And  a  comprehensive  framework  for  allocating  these  scarce  tools  for  greatest  global  impact  is  under  consultation-
As  of  April  1  46  US  states  and  1  US  territory  report  some  community  spread  of  (COVID-19).  Of  those  25  states  report  cases  are  widespread.Stay  at  home  and  practice  social  distancing.  For  info  on  your  state  see  
President  Trump  Says  Pandas  Are  Responsible  For  Covid-19  
In  CM  House  Sindh,  30  of  their  staff  tested  positive  on  All  meetings  would  now  be  conducted  on  video  links.  
NIH  investigates  the  usefulness  of  blood  thinners  in  COVID  treatment.  
.says  it's  important  the  public  adhere  to  the  new  social  distancing  rules  as  'hospital  admissions  are  creeping  up'.  The  transport  sec  says  "deaths  haven't  gone  up  as  yet"  but  the  govt  is  expecting  it  to  do  so  like  Spain.  
Indore  (a  city  in  India)  police  beat  up  the  people  who  had  pelted  stones  on  a  team  of  doctors  when  the  doctors  were  visiting  a  place  to  screen  a  patient  for  coronavirus.
Twenty-one  states  set  new  all-time  case  records  in  the  past  week.  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Weve  now  tracked  15.6  million  tests  up  453k  from  yesterday  a  new  single-day  high.  Note  that  we  can  only  track  tests  that  a  state  reports.  For  details  see:  
As  supply  increases  the  next  stage  of  the  vaccine  rollout  would  be  expanded  based  on  an  assessment  of  each  countrys  vulnerability  to  the  virus.-
14  days  for  all  passengers  returning  to  urban  areas  of  Odisha  &amp;  14  days  for  passengers  returning  to  rural  areas  of  is  mandatory.  Kindly  refer  to  the  following  link  or  contact  your  airline  for  details:  
Video  of  a  carrier  who  is  allegedly  moving  medical  supplies  from  Spain  to  France.
Says  Ohio  Gov.  Mike  DeWine  released  4,300  prisoners  and  is  now  warning  residents  of  a  possible  crime  wave.
The  daily  press  briefing  by  is  ongoing.  PTF  Coordinator  Boss  Mustapha  announced  a  new  300  bed  isolation  facility  in  Abuja  driven  by  the  private  sector.  Tune  to  for  latest  updates  on  Livestream  
We  get  into  the  broader  dynamics  of  falling  cases  and  rising  deaths  in  our  weekly  update  from  earlier  today.  
Home  Secretary  Priti  Patel  tells  Sky  News  she  would  call  the  police  if  her  neighbours  were  hosting  a  party  that  broke  restrictions  
Cases  continued  their  slight  drift  downward  but  it's  important  to  remember  that  outside  NY-NJ-CT  cases  are  notfalling.  
The  world  has  so  far  invested  USD12  trillion  in  keeping  economies  moving.  Investing  in  the  COVAX  Facility  is  the  fastest  way  to  end  this  pandemic  and  ensure  a  sustainable  economic  recovery.-
_A  video  has  been  viewed  millions  of  times  in  multiple  posts  on  Facebook  Weibo  and  Twitter  alongside  a  claim  it  shows  US  Vice  President  Mike  Pence  delivering  empty  boxes  to  a  hospital  for  a  publicity  stunt  during  the  coronavirus  crisis.  The  claim  gained  traction  online  after  the  the  clip  was  aired  on  the  US  television  show  Jimmy  Kimmel  Live!  hosted  by  comedian  Jimmy  Kimmel._
Our  updated  approach  to  testing  also  includes  testing  everyone  in  managed  isolation  twice  during  their  stay  whether  symptomatic  or  not  and  surveillance  testing  of  people  working  in  managed  isolation  facilities  and  around  the  border.
Schools  are  struggling  to  cope  with  a  lack  of  tests  -  with  new  infections  increasing  since  it  became  compulsory  for  pupils  to  return.  But  when  should  you  get  your  child  tested  for  the  virus?  Here's  our  explainer  
As  of  Aug.  31  national  forecasts  suggest  new  weekly  deaths  may  decrease  in  the  coming  weeks  with  3300  to  7500  new  deaths  during  the  week  ending  Sept.  26.  Forecasts  predict  200k  to  211k  total  COVID-19  deaths  in  the  US  by  Sept.  26.  More:  
CDC  has  new  info  to  help  camps  youth  sports  K12  schools  &amp;  higher  ed  and  restaurants  &amp;  bars  operate  during  These  materials  emphasize  the  importance  of  working  w/  local  health  officials  to  make  decisions  &amp;  help  prevent  spread  of  COVID-19.  See  
After  being  diagnosed  with  a  rare  eye  disease,  a  doctor  learns  the  best  treatment  is  immunosuppression  -  a  risky  choice  in  the  midst  of  COVID19.  
59.8%  of  the  active  cases  are  being  reported  from  Maharashtra  Andhra  Pradesh  Tamil  Nadu  Karnataka  &amp;  Uttar  Pradesh.  90%  of  the  new  recoveries  are  reported  from  16  States  and  UTs.  
Says  President  Donald  Trump  will  announce  that  a  scientist  "finally  found  vaccine  to  cure  corona  virus."
The  number  of  ICU  beds  is  larger  in  Boone  County  by  a  factor  of  threecompared  to  Orange  County  for  the  University  of  North  Carolina
Justin  Trudeau's  wife  has  released  a  video  from  her  hospital  bed.
Another  deadly  unknown  virus  is  spreading  in  mutton  livestock  market  in  India,  so  avoid  consuming  goat  mutton.  Pass  the  video  on.
As  of  the  last  24  hours  this  is  the  protocol  regarding  masks  Masks  should  only  be  used  by  healthcare  workers,  caretakers  or  by  people  who  are  sick  with  symptoms  like  fever  and  cough.
In  Kerala  India  Consumerfed  starts  24  hours  free  home  delivery  for  liquor.
As  at  11:55pm  27th  March  there  are  81  confirmed  cases  3  discharged  1  death  For  a  breakdown  of  cases  by  states  in  real  time  please  see  Currently;  Lagos-  52  FCT-  14  Ogun-  3  Ekiti-  1  Oyo-  3  Edo-  2  Bauchi-  2  Osun-1  Rivers-1  Enugu-  2  
WEEKLY  UPDATE:  Short-term  forecasts  of  COVID-19  deaths  in  multiple  countries  Read  full  report  here:  
Thats  for  bacteria  not  for  viruses.  Viruses  are  alot  smaller  than  bacteria  which  is  why  some  people  say  they  dont  actually  work  for  what  people  want  to  use  it  for.
This  is  lockdown  in  Spain  You  guys  in  India  are  lucky...u  just  get  caned..support  Namo.
This  research  supports  the  need  for  continued  isolation  of  cases  contact  tracing  and  social  distancing.
Bill  Gates  predicted  the  coronavirus  outbreak.
NEWS!  Boris  Johnson  ends  lockdown  with  immediate  effect  after  first  full  night  spent  with  screaming  baby  
testing  has  become  more  affordable.  Our  testing  strategy  was  to  increase  number  of  tests  and  to  make  it  available  in  areas  where  most  required  i.e  Andaman  &amp;  Nicobar  Islands  Lakshadweep  North-East  at  affordable  prices:  DG  
With  over  68000  new  cases  recorded  Indias  confirmed  case  tally  crossed  29  lakh.  In  Haryana  all  offices  and  shops  except  those  providing  essential  services  will  be  closed  on  every  weekend  until  further  notice.  
Acc  to  guidelines  if  there  are  1-2  cases  reported  there  is  no  need  to  close  entire  office  building/halt  work  in  other  areas  of  the  office  &amp;  work  can  be  resumed  after  disinfection  as  per  laid  down  protocol.  (1/4)  
A  woman  holding  a  child  in  her  hands  succumbed  to  the  novel  coronavirus  in  Italy.
Yes!  Fantastic  move  by  He  just  ordered  all  private  labs  to  send  negative  test  results  to  the  state.  This  is  something  we'd  like  to  see  all  states  do.  Otherwise:  there  is  not  way  to  know  the  real  positive  rate  for  our  testing.  
Equitable  global  access  to  tests  treatments  and  vaccines  is  key  to  ending  fairly  effectively  and  efficiently.  Because  if  one  of  us  is  at  risk  we  are  all  at  risk.  We  are  only  safe  when  everybody  is  safe.  
Wildland  FAQs  to  help  prevent  infection  and  spread  of  among  your  crew.  
While  they  may  not  get  sick  as  often  studies  show  that  kids  could  be  a  driver  of  coronavirus  spread.  
NEW  CDC  TRAVEL  NOTICES:  in  Australia  Brazil  Canada  Chile  Japan  Israel  Pakistan  Thailand  and  Turkey.  Avoid  all  nonessential  travel  to  these  areas.  More  information:  
The  Indian  health  department  has  issued  a  notification  advising  people  to  drink  only  50-80  ml  of  water  avoid  spicy  food  and  not  travel  in  crowded  spaces  till  March  2020.
Sir,  why  you  are  stonewalling  against  India  for  permanent  veto  member  in  UNSC?  You  have  spreaded  computer  made  software  programming  virus  Covid19  in  the  world  from  your  institute  of  virology  laboratory  of  Wuhan.  India  is  your  neighbour  not  your  enemy.
Updated  on  May  20:  More  than  1.5  million  cases  of  have  been  reported  in  the  U.S.  29  states  report  10000+  cases.  You  can  now  find  the  number  of  cases  by  age  group:  
Supermarkets  in  Germany  will  only  open  two  days  a  week.  A  screenshot  shows  a  report  from  the  media  outlet  Focus.
Its  natural  to  experience  many  emotions  during  Getting  help  can  assist  you  in  finding  ways  to  cope  with  these
States  reported  782  new  deaths.  The  7-day  average  is  now  ~650.  We've  only  had  one  day  in  June  where  states  reported  more  than  1000  deaths.  Today's  deathsbecause  of  the  duration  of  the  disease  and  data  reporting  lagsprobably  reflect  infections  that  occurred  in  mid-May.  
Coronavirus:  Curfews  for  bars  and  pubs  among  new  lockdown  restrictions  in  northeast  England  
men  and  women  are  clamped  to  a  wooden  plank  with  the  claim  that  people  in  Thailand  are  being  punished  for  disobeying  the  lockdown  and  stepping  out  of  their  houses.
Arizona  reported  a  record  number  of  cases  and  current  hospitalizations  today.  The  signal  is  not  entirely  clear  yetand  the  absolute  numbers  are  smallbut  deaths  in  the  state  have  been  generally  rising  since  May  27.  
We  had  to  ration  our  supplies  but  it  wasn't  good  for  us  it's  like  breathing  through  a  dirty  CPAP  mask.  
Nashville  Man  Considers  Becoming  Supremacist  of  Some  Sort  
79%  of  the  new  recovered  cases  are  being  reported  from  10  States/UTs  viz.  Maharashtra  Karnataka
189  new  cases  of  Lagos-70  Plateau-37  FCT-24  Kaduna-19  Rivers-12  Oyo-5  Ogun-4  Ebonyi-3  Katsina-3  Ondo-3  Osun-3  Imo-2  Yobe-2  Ekiti-1  Nasarawa-1  57145  confirmed  48431  discharged  1095  deaths  
NYT:  Bidens  Nose  Better  Able  To  Sniff  Out  Virus.
No  significant  mutation  in  SARS-CoV-2  in  India.  ICMR  is  actively  exploring  saliva  based  test  for  Dispels  doubts  raised  over  failure  of  one  vaccine  in  clinical  trials  says  trials  are  continuing  only  after  expert  committee  reappraisal  Details:  
Nashville  Roofer  Dies  after  Falling  from  12-Story  Building  and  Testing  Positive  for  COVID-19  
Corona  Virus,  simple  remedy:  Onion  with  a  pinch  of  salt,  drink  water  after  half  an  hour
India  Tracker  (As  on  18  September  2020  08:00  AM)  Confirmed  cases:  5214677  Recovered:  4112551  (78.9%)  Active  cases:  1017754  (19.52%)  Deaths:  84372  (1.62%)  Via  
Our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  remains  at  1180  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  World  Health  Organization.  One  person  remains  in  Auckland  City  Hospital  in  a  stable  condition  on  a  ward.
I  wanna  request  to  all  make  this  as  ur  dp.  As  our  love  to  our  Corona  warriors  And  I  respect  all  police,  doctor  and  every  one  who  is  in  our  support  and  fight  against  
This  week  well  reach  20  million  registered  cases  of  and  750  thousand  deaths.  Behind  these  statistics  is  a  great  deal  of  pain  and  suffering.  Every  life  lost  matters-
_The  Disaster  Management  Act  has  been  implemented  across  India.  As  per  the  act  apart  from  the  government  departments  no  other  citizen  is  allowed  to  post  or  share  any  forward  related  to  the  novel  coronavirus._
Recovered  cases  are  2.93  times  the  number  of  Active  Cases.  1977779  people  have  been  recovered  so  far.  673166  are  activ
Britain's  economy  is  "less  weak"  than  previously  expected  but  a  recent  rise  in  COVID-19  cases  could  take  its  toll  on  activity  the  Bank  of  England  says  
Today  states  reported  453  deaths  the  fewest  since  March  28.  The  7-day  average  is  829  deaths  per  day.  
Sinclair  Broadcast  Group  is  delaying  airing  an  interview  with  a  conspiracy  theorist  who  baselessly  claims  Dr  Fauci  created  the  coronavirus  
NEW  in  Avoid  all  nonessential  travel  to  Russia.  More  information:  
This  means  the  number  of  active  cases  in  New  Zealand  remains  at  22.  All  active  cases  have  recently  returned  from  overseas  and  are  in  managed  isolation  facilities.  There  have  been  no  cases  of  community  transmission.
and  are  not  taking  a  break  for  This  CDC-approved  PSA  explains  why  you  should  seek  eme
The  latest  update  from  the  Prime  Minister  and  Director-General  of  Health:Today  we  are  reporting  no  new  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19.Todays  combined  total  of  confirmed  and  probable  COVID-19  cases  remains  at  1497.
This  provision  of  CGHS  card  being  valid  for  availing  facilities  from  any  CGHS  Wellness  Centre  in  India  is  not  just  for  but  for  other  diseases  as  well  as  mentioned  in  the  CGHS  document  in  the  earlier  tweet.
Now  the  Question  arises..Where  TAX  PAYERS  Money  disappeared..?!  What  is  the  Duty  of  Government/BUREAUCRACTs  during  COVID  19  Pandemic  ?!  !
Man  Who  Broke  Lockdown  Constantly  &amp;  Never  Wears  Mask  Annoyingly  Hasnt  Gotten  Covid-19  Yet  
President  Trump  Bans  Chinese  Fortune  Cookies  in  The  White  House  
COVID  may  lead  to  a  generation  of  lost  medical  research.  
Here's  a  map  of  the  number  of  new  cases  reported  today.  Note  that  Ohio  and  Alabama  both  almost  broke  1000.  
The  latest  CDC  report  shows  the  hospitalization  rate  for  adults  18-64  years  old  is  already  higher  than  that  seen  for  flu  at  comparable  points  during  the  last  5  flu  seasons.  These  rates  are  cumulative  and  will  increase  as  the  pandemic  unfolds:  
Coronavirus:  PM  does  not  want  another  lockdown  but  says  second  wave  'inevitable'  
Texas  did  not  report  yesterday  so  their  numbers  are  for  2  days.  Theyve  also  changed  their  method  of  counting  deaths  to  a  more  comprehensive  but  slower  method.  Read  more  about  the  complex  accounting  of  COVID-19  deaths  in  our  most  recent  blog  post:  
NEWS!  Lockdown  and  social  distancing  isnt  necessary  if  you  are  really  horny,  insists  Professor  Neil  Ferguson  
CCTV:  Man  throws  currency  note  at  petrol  pump  in  Navsari  |  TV9News
Ground  report    Now  ji  please  tell  us  what  is  this?  Why  they  have  suffer?  Why?  
Thrombosis  is  the  main  cause  of  death  for  COVID-19  patients.  Antibiotics  can  treat  coronavirus  patients.
BREAKING!  Government  updates  Coronavirus  advice:  "Get  used  to  idea  of  also  losing  unloved  ones"  
Clinicians  must  be  keenly  aware  of  thrombosis  related  to  COVID-19.  
India's  Total  Recoveries  have  exceeded  32.5  lakh.  The  national  Recovery  Rate  has  crossed  77%.  This  s
Fact  check:  Is  there  a  "direct  correlation"  between  North  Carolina's  mask  mandate  and  its  COVID-19  cases?  Here's  what  exp
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Weve  now  tracked  13.1  million  tests  up  ~406k  from  yesterday.  Note  that  we  can  only  track  tests  that  a  state  reports  and  that  there  are  important  caveats.  For  details  see:  
A  government  minister  claims  that  Papad  help  produce  antibodies  to  fight  COVID-19  infection.
As  of  Aug  11  the  total  number  of  cases  in  the  US  surpassed  5  million.  While  the  number  of  new  cases  has  declined  in  the  last  week  COVID-19  is  widespread  in  many  areas.  Take  steps  like  wearing  a  mask  that  covers  your  nose  &amp;  mouth  in  public.  More:  
New  Virus  Expected  To  Take  Covid-19  Crown  In  Autumn  
Wearing  a  face  mask  for  a  prolonged  period  of  time  causes  hypoxia  and/or  hypercapnia.
Reserve  Bank  of  India  (RBI)  extended  the  year  closing  until  6/30/20.
One  case  previously  reported  in  Gombe  State  is  now  recorded  as  a  Borno  State  case  Therefore  the  total  number  of  cases  in  Borno  is  53  and  46  in  Gombe  
Brazilian  actress  Camila  Pitanga  falsified  malaria  diagnosis  to  medicate  herself  with  chloroquine
Test  frequency  matters  more  than  test  sensitivity  for  stopping  COVID  outbreaks  according  to  new  research.  
The  number  of  recovered  cases  remains  at  1482.  There  are  no  additional  deaths  to  report.  There  is  no  one  in  New  Zealand  receiving  hospital-level  care  for  COVID-19.
WARNING!    Its  been  evidenced  that  Corona  virus  is  spread  via  petrol  pumps  .  so  why  have  Tesco  not  ensured  there  are  gloves  and  Sanitizer  at  their  self  serve  pumps?  at  either  Carmarthen  or  Neath?  SUGGEST  YOU  USE  MORRISONS  THEY  DO  CARE  !  Come  on  LOOK  AFTER  US
NEWS!  Boris  Johnson  proposes  moonshotplan  to  defeat  Covid  using  Jedi  space  magic  
The  pandemic  is  a  fake  excuse  for  Bill  Gates  to  depopulate  the  Earth.
The  Expert  Committee  on  Vaccine  Administration  under  the  chairmanship  of  Dr  V  K  Paul  will  meet  on  12th  August  to  consider  logistics  &amp;  ethical  aspects  of  procurement  &amp;  administration  of  vaccine.  
Brazilian  army  built  2000  hospital  beds  in  48  hours.
Observational  data  suggest  that  might  reduce  the  risk  for  death  from  COVID-19  in  patients  with  diabetes  but  randomized  trials  are  unlikely  to  be  carried  out  according  to  experts.  
If  we  dont  take  these  measures  tens  of  millions  will  be  infected  many  will  die  along  with  anybody  else  that  requires  intensive  care  because  the  healthcare  system  will  have  collapsed.-  on  what  the  next  18  months  can  look  like  if  leaders  buy  us  time.
Sri  Lankan  Navy  base  in  Colombo  were  using  traditional  Ayurvedic  medicine  for  COVID-19  treatments  and  as  a  result  no  patients  were  in  ICU.
Madagascar  does  not  have  any  cases  of  the  coronavirus
Focus  on  good  nutrition  as  a  part  of  self-care  during  the  pandemic.  Certain  vitamins  &amp;  minerals  may  have  effects  on  how  the  immune  system  works  to  fight  off  infections  &amp;  inflammation.  You  can  obtain  these  nutrients  through  Learn  more:  
This  is  the  first  time  after  the  first  lockdown  (March  25)  that  the  fatality  rate  is  at  the  lowest  i.e.  2.10%;  Fatality  rate
With  87  new  cases  recorded  today  there  are  a  total  of  1008  active  cases  in  
CNNs  cited  our  comprehensive  research  on  the  false  claim  by  Florida  Gov.  Ron  DeSantis  that  he  was  never  asked  about  COVID-19  during  press  events  in  May.  
China  concerned  Western  authoritarian  government  will  cover  up  coronavirus  outbreaks  
There  are  currently  5648  people  in  managed  isolation  and  quarantine.  Our  current  effective  capacity  is  6380.  This  gives  us  an  excess  capacity  of  732.
Hydroxychloroqen:  A  Memory  Supplement?  
About  in  the  quarantined  Italian  town  of  V:  .  Our  latest  publication  in  reveals  the  importance  of  asymptomatic  cases.  
Says  Michigan  COVID-19  order  bans  gardening  and  the  sale  of  vegetable  seeds  and  fruit.
Says  President  Donald  Trump  never  downplayed  the  virus.
Health  Secretary  Matt  Hancock  announces  that  there  will  be  a  childcare  exemption  in  local  lockdown  areas  for  those  under  the  age  of  14  or  vulnerable  adults  to  allow  people  to  get  to  work  Follow  live  here:  
Finally  India  got  its  coronavirus  Dashboard.  This  is  the  official  website  for  coronavirus  updates.  This  website  is  updated  every  four  hours.  Scroll  down  for  more  details;  you  can  know  more  about  coronavirus  outbreak  in  your  state  by  placing  your  finger  on  your  state  on  the  map.
I  did  read  that  people  who  have  good  levels  of  vitamin  D  had  98%  less  chance  of  severe  Covid.  Its  worth  supplementing.
Campers:  Get  ready  to  stop  in  its  tracks!  Here  are  some  tips  on  how  to  stay  safe  at  summer  camp:  
Hi!  and  worked  with  the  team  to  document  refactor  and  extend  the  code  for  report  9  (Impact  of  NPIs  to  reduce  COVID19  mortality  and  healthcare  demand)  which  was  shared  on  27-04.  The  source  code  to  produce  report  9  was  published  01-06  along  with  the  
They  said  about  a  week  ago  they  only  had  ~1000  ICU  beds.  But  they've  ramped  up  the  capacity  a  lot  over  that  time.
_A  new  alcohol-free  sanitizer  has  been  developed  by  the  Dedan  Kimathi  University  in  Kenya._
Extremely  good  news':  Bendigo  hits  COVID-zero,  but  out-of-area  patient  in  hospital  
NEWS!  Man  refusing  to  admit  his  lockdown  beard  is  shit  
Update  from  the  Today  there  are  2  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  managed  isolation  in  NZ.  There  continue  to  be  no  cases  of  COVID-19  in  the  community.  It  has  been  67  days  since  the  last  case  of  COVID-19  that  was  acquired  locally  from  an  unknown  source.
In  fact  3  out  of  the  4  US  Census  regions  Midwest  South  and  West  are  now  seeing  clear  case  increases.  
Indias  maintains  its  high  Recovery  Rate:  total  Recoveries  cross  27  lakh.  Recovered  Patients
The  daily  death  toll  fell  to  its  lowest  since  March:  837.  As  you  can  see  Monday  data  tends  to  be  low  then  the  numbers  tick  back  up  Tuesday.  Note:  this  chart  does  not  include  5178  probable  COVID-19  deaths  reported  by  NYC  but  not  reported  by  New  York  State.  
A  police  officer  from  So  Paulo  rescued  his  mother  while  she  was  about  to  be  buried  alive.
President  Trump  just  announced  that  the  biologicallab  in  Wuhan  where  the  COVID-19  virus  was  created  was  fundedby  President  Barak  (sp)  Hussein  Obama  in  2015  to  the  tune  of  $3,800,000  American  dollars!
They  are  not  experts.  The  are  Big  Pharma  Reps,  disguised  as  health  experts.  They  failed  to  mention  Vitamin  D  supplementation,  and  are  part  of  the  $$  clique  who  continue  to  demonize  Hydroxychloroquine  +  Zinc  which  is  a  life-saver  against  Covid:  
Fact-check:  Biden  was  the  VP  but  he  was  not  in  charge  of  the  Obama  administrations  handling  of  the  H1N1  pandemic.  The  polling  is  outdated  (from  pre-pandemic  February  2020).  Recent  polling  shows  a  decline  in  approval  of  Trumps  COVID-19  response.  
Photo  of  an  old  Italian  man  crying  after  his  health  improved.
The  spread  of  has  been  linked  to  large  gatherings  Please  do  not  attend  any  gathering  with  more  than  20  people.  When  out  maintain  2  metres  between  you  &amp;  the  next  person  Youre  putting  lives  at  risk  by  attending  concerts.  Your  life  is  in  your  hands.  
Wearing  a  mask  can  cause  a  fungal  infection.
As  of  today  there  are  1209  dedicated  hospitals  across  the  country  with  a  total  of  276483  beds  for  patients.  
The  number  of  schools  in  England  that  are  not  fully  open  to  students  due  to  cases  of  COVID-19  has  quadrupled  in  a  week  
French  military  surrenders  to  coronavirus  
Brinks  removes  money  for  toilet  paper  
Irish  news  organisations  are  organising  a  collective  moment  of  applause  for  the  government  to  praise  its  work  in  handling  the  coronavirus  pandemic.
It  is  only  by  aggressive  TESTING  that  positive  cases  can  be  identified  their  contacts  TRACKED  and  isolated  as  well  as  prompt  TREATMENT  can  be  ensured.  
MHA  issues  guidelines  for  Schools  colleges  cinema  halls  etc.  to  remain  shut  States/UTs  may  permit  upto  50%  of  teaching  and  non-teaching  staff  to  be  called  to  the  schools  for  online  teaching/  tele-counselling  related  work  
Some  states  are  handing  out  fines  for  rule  breakers.  
Pharmacological  and  cardiovascular  perspectives  on  the  treatment  of  COVID-19  with  chloroquine  derivatives.  
Social  gatherings  of  more  than  six  people  are  now  illegal  in  England  as  the  'rule  of  six'  comes  into  force.  will  join  at  7.05am  to  discuss  how  the  new  rule  will  be  policed.  Sky  501  /  Freeview  233  Watch  live  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Weve  now  tracked  9.4  million  tests  up  395k  from  yesterday  a  new  high  with  a  major  caveat:  NJ  dumped  a  big  backlog  it  seems.  Note  that  we  can  only  track  tests  that  a  state  reports.  For  details  see:  
to  help  slow  the  spread  of  COVID-19.  When  selecting  a  you  have  many  choices.  Avoid  masks  made  of  materials  that  make  it  too  hard  to  breathe  allow  particles  to  escape  or  are  intended  for  healthcare  workers.  Learn  more:  
An  Update  on  Alert  Levels  Auckland  will  remain  at  Alert  Level  3  and  the  rest  of  New  Zealand  will  remain  at  Level  2  until  11:59  pm  on  Wednesday  the  26th  of  August.  This  brings  us  to  a  full  2  weeks  in  total.  
Medical  University  in  Vienna  has  published  a  study  about  Ibuprofen  and  coronavirus.
India  tests  more  than  6.6  lakh  samples  for  in  last  24  hours.  
Covid-19  Threat  So  Great  Men  Now  Actively  Washing  Hands  After  Using  Toilet  
A  video  is  going  viral  on  WhatsApp  and  Sharechat  claiming  that  the  man  and  woman  in  the  video  are  doctors  who  treated  75  coronavirus  patients  and  now  they  both  are  infected  by  it.
Utah  is  still  not  a  stay  at  home  state.  "COVID  Act  Now  projects  that  there  will  be  17540  hospitalizations  with  social  distancing  alone  but  only  3483  with  a  stay-at-home  order."  See  county  level  break  downs  here  
CDC  Briefing  Room:  Dr.  Nancy  Messonnier  gives  an  update  on  For  more  info  visit  
Dangerous  situation  in  Old  City  (hyderabad)
To  talk  to  India's  main  opposition  party  (Congress)  former  president  Rahul  Gandhi  the  Congress  had  hired  people  dressed  as  migrants  who  are  facing  trouble  to  travel  to  their  homes  amidst  the  coronavirus  lockdown.
Tunisia  announces  in  the  coming  hours  that  its  sea  air  and  land  borders  will  be  closed  again  to  counter  Covid-19.
Our  daily  update  is  published.  States  reported  70k  new  cases  of  COVID-19  a  solid  819k  tests  and  1529  COVID-19  deaths  today.  Our  7-day  average  for  deaths  is  now  over  1000.  
Three  stories...  Breaking  self-isolation  to  be  made  illegal  Only  one  in  10  to  be  protected  from  in  first  year  of  vaccine  Trump  will  nominate  a  woman  to  succeed  Ginsburg  on  Supreme  Court  
Contacts  from  Auckland  flight  An  update  on  the  case  of  the  man  who  left  MIQ  in  Christchurch  having  returned  negative  tests  for  COVID-19  and  then  tested  positive  in  Auckland.
Coronavirus  testing:  ICMR  approves  1000th  lab  RT-PCR  tests  cross  7  million-mark  via  
WHO  warns  against  consuming  cabbage  to  prevent  COVID-19
More  than  2.27  crore  total  samples  tested.  Tests  Per  Million  (TPM)  continue  to  rise  stands  at  16513  today.
Coronavirus  cases  among  students  at  University  of  Alabama  climbs  to  more  than  1000  
People  in  Scotland  have  been  banned  from  visiting  other  households  indoors  in  tough  new  restrictions  that  go  further  than  those  announced  for  England.  Get  more  on  the  new  measures  in  Scotland  here:  
Seven  children  died  from  coronavirus  within  one  week  in  Karimganj  (Assam  India).
Nurses  resigned  due  to  COVID-19  because  Jamati  patients  misbehaved  with  them.
Says  Tom  Hanks  has  a  volleyball  to  keep  him  company  while  hes  quarantined.
We  must  continue  to  help  slow  the  spread  of  for  ourselves  our  loved  ones  and  our  future.  Do  your  part  and  
Yesterday  our  laboratories  processed  7211  tests  bringing  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  864469.
Herd  Immunity  Strategy  is  Unethical  and  Unlikely  to  be  Successful  in  the  UK,  warn  scientists,  as  Long  Covid  Sufferers  call  for  more  recognition  
The  Emergency  Committee  on  unanimously  agreed  that  the  outbreak  still  constitutes  a  public  health  emergency  of  international  concern.  accepted  their  advice  &amp;  confirmed  that  the  outbreak  continues  to  constitute  a  global  health  emergency:  
Currently  there  are  75  in  District:  
The  top  5  States  with  high  Active  Caseload  are  also  the  ones  which  are  presently  reporting  a  high  level  of  recoveries.  
Contact  tracing  helps  protect  you  your  family  and  your  community  from  Find  out  more:  
For  a  breakdown  of  cases  by  states  in  real  time  please  see  Currently;  Lagos-  24  FCT-  6  Ogun-  2  Ekiti-  1  Oyo-  1  Edo-  1  Total:  35  confirmed  cases  
These  cases  bring  New  Zealands  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  to  1219  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  World  Health  Organization.  There  is  no  one  in  New  Zealand  receiving  hospital-level  care  for  COVID-19.
No  deaths  have  been  reported  in  Israel  due  to  COVID-19  because  they  have  found  a  cure  for  the  disease.  A  solution  of  hot  water  baking  soda  and  lemon  is  the  cure  for  COVID-19.
8th  September  update:    89,852  new  cases  1,107  patients  died    Total  cases:  43,67,436  Total  deaths:  73,923    Expect  more  distractions  like  
Parviz  Nouri  Sayha  claims  he  has  made  the  medicine  for  coronavirus.
Nobody  is  found  dead  of  corona  in  their  homes..  They  all  die  at  the  hospital.
A  doctor  who  went  to  Uttar  Pradesh  (a  state  in  India)  to  screen  patients  for  coronavirus,  was  attacked  with  stones  by  Muslims.  She  succumbed  to  her  injuries
-  358127  samples  tested  in  24  hours.  -  Cumulatively  13791869  samples  tested
Correction:  It  is  now  21  days  since  the  last  case  in  New  Zealand.
If  you  maintain  social  distancing  indoors  there's  no  reason  to  have  an  additional  mask  on  top  of  that.
This  is  how  to  test  your  lung  for  COVID-19  self-check.
As  per  guidelines  persons  &gt;65  yrs  of  age  persons  with  comorbidities  etc  are  advised  to  stay  at  home  except  for  essential  &amp;  health  purposes:  Kindly  refer  to  this  health  advisory  for  elderly  population  during  
Karnataka  Govt  thinking  of  Separate  crematoriums,  graveyards  mooted  for  Covid-19  fatalities    
UPDATE:  23.6%  of  all  deaths  in  England  and  20.3%  in  Wales  from  4.4%  (95%  CI  3.2%  -  5.7%)  of  all  deaths  in  England  are  excess  non-COVID-19  related  deaths  No  excess  COVID-19  deaths  in  Wales  Report  
Fennel  tea  can  cure  the  coronavirus.
The  current  number  of  people  tested  is  now  up  to  almost  14000.  Still  far  far  too  low.  GA  MA  TX  remain  data  holes.
Not  trying  to  sensationalize  but  Begum  got  infected,  So  did  the  driver.  Imran  Uncle  did  not  get  infected!
_A  poem  about  people  self-isolating  at  home  has  been  shared  thousands  of  times  on  Facebook  and  Twitter  in  April  2020  alongside  a  claim  that  it  was  written  in  the  19th  century  and  reprinted  during  the  1918  Spanish  flu  pandemic.  The  posts  published  as  the  world  continued  to  endure  the  spread  of  the  novel  coronavirus  claim  the  poem  is  evidence  that  "history  repeats  itself."_
India's  recovery  rate  improves  to  81.25%  as  on  September  23  2020  Steady  improvement  in  India's  COVID-19  recovery  rate  since  initiation  on  March  25  2020  Via  
Should  doctors  be  free  from  lawsuits  stemming  from  delayed  treatments  as  result  of  
Coronavirus:  Trump  warns  US  death  toll  could  hit  100000  
In  2012,  a  team  of  Dutch  scientists  identified  and  froze  51  antibodies  that  worked  against  SARS.  One  of  them  has  been  shown  to  be  able  to  neutralize  the  virus  that  causes  COVID-19.  
Older  people  &amp;  those  with  pre-existing  medical  conditions  such  as  diabetes  &amp;  cancer  are  at  a  higher  risk  of  complications  from  Let's  by  ensuring  proper  hand  hygiene  physical  distancing  and  wearing  a  mask  especially  around  vulnerable  groups  
Are  you  hosting  a  vaccination  clinic?  Use  this  CDC  guidance  to  assist  with  planning  during  the  pandemic:  
A  person  with  COVID-19  died  in  a  hospital  in  Taiwan.  His  body  was  burned  on  1/26.  (Jan.  30)
Tobacco  use  causes  high  blood  pressure  &amp;  heart  disease  which  can  increase  the  risk  of  developing  severe  More  details  
While  doing  the  research  for  this  change  we  learned  more  about  the  two  different  ways  states  determine  COVID-19  deaths.  Both  have  merits:  one  is  a  little  more  accurate  the  other  is  a  lot  faster.  CDC  advises  one  but  uses  both.  States  are  in  a  bind.
The  video  of  terrible  conditions  of  a  COVID-19  ward  is  from  Delhi's  hospital.
It's  a  good  question!  In  this  case  these  numbers  are  for  the  preceding  24-hour  period.  -
One  person  remains  in  Auckland  City  Hospital  in  a  stable  condition  on  a  ward.Yesterday  our  laboratories  completed  1057  tests  bringing  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  415283.
There  are  123  people  linked  to  the  community  cluster  who  have  been  transferred  to  the  Auckland  quarantine  facility  which  includes  79  people  who  have  tested  positive  for  COVID-19  and  their  household  contacts.
N95  masks  block  few,  if  anyCOVID-19  particles  due  to  their  size.
With  the  fall  pollen  season  approaching  you  may  experience  watery  eyes  sneezing  or  a  cough.  Learn  the  differences  between  seasonal  allergies  and  
Local  man  eyes  2010  Fun-Run  t-shirt  as  potential  toilet  paper  substitute    
COVID-19  China  Outbreak  Virus  In  December  19
NEWS!  Pro-COVID  activists  step  up  campaign  with  demands  for  access  to  pure,  laboratory-grade  coronavirus  
Yesterday  WHO  the  and  University  launched  the  Law  Lab  a  database  of  laws  that  countries  have  implemented  in  response  to  the  pandemic-
New  forecasts  show  the  US  will  likely  report  more  deaths  in  the  next  4  weeks  than  in  the  previous  4  weeks.  This  includes  an  increase  in  deaths  in  25  states  &amp;  1  US  territory.  Between  160000  &amp;  175000  total  deaths  are  expected  by  Aug.  15.  See  more:  
Have  you  wanted  to  make  a  difference  during  the  pandemic  but  not  sure  how  to  safely  go  about  it?  Collect  or  donate  items/certificates  for  our  Apocalypse  Meow  Auction!  This  is  an  important  part  of  our  yearly  fundraising  to  keep  the  Abby's  Fund  Health  Care  Grants  available.  
Major  highlights  of  this  week:  India  has  the  highest  recoveries  in  the  world  Recovery  Rate  crosses  80%  Highest  ever  single  day  recovery  of  1  lakh  cases  in  the  last  24  hours  More  than  6.5  crore  tests  conducted  so  far:  Secretary  
According  to  Clinical  Management  Protocol  for  details  on  the  signs  &amp;  symptoms  reported  in  India  are  (as  on  11.06.2020)  fever  (27%)  cough  (21%)  sore  throat  (10%)  breathlessness  (8%)  Weakness  (7%)  running  nose  (3%)  &amp;  others  24%  as  per  data  from..  (1/2)  
Airborne  is  the  pre-existing  condition  thatll  financially  bury  American  whose  statesgovernors  are  manipulating  to  force  back  into  w  recirculated  air  conditioning  which  cannot  be  economically  &amp;  adequately  disinfected.  
Laboratories  completed  4589  tests  yesterday  bringing  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  697070.  In  the  last  seven  days  labs  have  processed  nearly  100000  tests  for  COVID-19.
COVID-19  is  a  bacteria  and  not  a  virus  according  to  a  study  by  Italian  doctors.
Why  would  Bill  Gates  Patent  the  coronavirus  itself  ?!?  
A  text  by  C.  S.  Lewis  from  1942  talks  about  a  "pandemic  of  fear".  It  says  the  devil  took  many  souls  to  hell  because  they  became  too  attached  to  their  earthly  lives  through  fear.
Face  masks  will  become  compulsory  for  bar  staff  shop  workers  waiters  and  taxi  drivers  in  an  effort  to  combat  the  rise  in  coronavirus  cases  in  England  the  prime  minister  has  announced  
54%  cases  are  in  the  18-44  years  age  group  but  51%  deaths  are  in  the  60  years  and  above  age  group.  
There  is  no  one  in  New  Zealand  receiving  hospital-level  care  for  COVID-19.  Yesterday  our  laboratories  processed  1608  tests.  There  were  383  swabs  taken  in  managed  isolation  and  quarantine  facilities  yesterday.
260  new  cases  of  Abia-67  FCT-40  Lagos-38  Ogun-19  Gombe-16  Edo-14  Imo-9  Kwara-8  Katsina-8  Nasarawa-8  Borno-8  Kaduna-6  Bauchi-5  Ekiti-4  Niger-2  Ondo-2  Plateau-2  Kano-2  Sokoto-2  12486  cases  of  Discharged:  3959  Deaths:  354  
India's  Recoveries  have  witnessed  a  steep  exponential  rise  -  from  50000  in  May  to  over  36  lakh
To  help  slow  the  spread  of  COVID-19  we  are  reminding  people  of  the  steps  they  can  take  to  protect  themselves  and  each  other.  h
Seven  states  saw  the  number  of  people  hospitalized  rise  by  100  or  more  today.  In  Texas  this  figure  is  almost  5  times  higher  than  it  was  30  days  ago  on  June  7  (1878  to  9286).  
In  Indore  India  Police  and  doctors  are  injecting  coronavirus  positive  blood  in  Muslims.
India's  Recovery  Rate  has  soared  past  70%.  Total  recoveries  have  crossed  the  18  lakh  mark  today.  Recoveries  exceed  active  cases  by  more  than  11  lakh.  Case  Fatality  Rate  reduces  to  1.94%.
Latest  update  from  the  There  are  3  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  managed  isolation  facilities  in  New  Zealand  today.  1  in  Rotorua  and  2  in  Christchurch.  There  is  no  community  transmission  in  NZ.
Yesterday  our  laboratories  completed  626  tests  bringing  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  281609.  Lower  testing  volumes  are  regularly  observed  over  holiday  weekends.
For  every  click  on  the  Italian  song  Rinascerrinascerai  YouTube  donates  money  to  a  hospital  in  Bergamo.
Brazilian  new  Minister  of  Health  Nelson  Teich  is  investigating  COVID-19  statistics  for  alleged  fraud.  Because  of  that  the  number  of  cases  and  deaths  have  been  falling  in  Brazil  on  the  week  of  April  24.
DNC  nervous  as  Sanders  and  Biden  both  drop  dead  halfway  through  debate  
Thirty-four  new  cases  of  have  been  reported  as  follows:  18  Lagos  12  in  Kano  2  in  Katsina  1  in  Delta  1  in  Niger  As  at  11:20  pm  15th  April  there  are  407  confirmed  cases  of  reported  in  Nigeria.  128  have  been  discharged  with  12  deaths  
2027074  total  confirmed  cases  1378105  cases  cured/recovered  22788393  samples  tested  Here's  the
Due  to  the  COVID-19  outbreak  Central  Govt.  has  started  the  online  processing  of  GST  Refund.
_A  neighbor  of  Noia  (region  of  Galicia  Spain)  has  been  infected  with  the  coronavirus._
the  steam  will  kill  the  virus  in  our  nose  and  throat  and  eradicate  the  coronavirus.
Photo-op  of  PM  Modi  reading  books,  a  newspaper  in  these  times  of  COVID-19  pandemic
New  Zealand  Prime  Minster  Jacinda  Ardern  visited  a  temple  after  the  country  was  declared  COVID-19  free.
Chief  priest  Satyendra  Das  of  the  Ram  Janmabhoomi  site  in  Ayodhya  UP  goes  into  self-quarantine  after  one  of  his  assistants  tested  positive  for  COVID-19.  Congress  MP  Karti  Chidambaram  has  tested  positive  for  the  coronavirus  infection.  
Cases  per  million  population  in  India  are  3573  as  compared  to  the  world  average  of  3704  cases  per  million  population.  Dea
438  new  cases  of  Lagos-123  Kaduna-50  Rivers-40  Edo-37  Adamawa-25  Oyo-20  Nasarawa-16  Osun-15  Enugu-15  FCT-14  Ekiti-13  Ondo-13  Ebonyi-11  Katsina-10  Abia-9  Delta-8  Kwara-4  Ogun-3  Cross  River-3  Kano-3  Bauchi-3  Yobe-2  Sokoto-1  Niger-1  
Arizonas  update  catches  some  reporting  backlog  a  common  Tuesday  data  effect  across  many  states.  The  7-day  average  is  often  more  useful  to  watch.  What's  clear:  The  states  surge  has  swamped  local  testing  capacity.  This  week  almost  a  quarter  of  tests  have  come  back  positive.  
One  new  case  of  has  been  confirmed  in  Oyo  state  Nigeria  As  at  08:05  am  on  the  22nd  of  March  there  are  26  confirmed  cases  of  in  Nigeria  Of  the  26  confirmed  cases  2  have  been  discharged  with  no  death  
Indias  official  coronavirus  confirmed  case  tally  hit  two  million.  On  the  other  hand  Serum  Institute  of  India  ties  up  with  Gates  Foundation  and  Gavi  for  100  Million  COVID-19  vaccine  doses  for  India  and  other  low  and  middle  income  countries.  
Did  you  see  this  post  circulating  Instagram?  For  Kentucky's  primary  this  week  the  number  of  in-person  polling  places  was  cut  significantly.  But  mail  balloting  and  early  voting  were  expanded  significantly  amid  COVID-19:  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  States  reported  777k  tests  43k  cases  and  619  COVID-19  deaths.  Nationally  testing  appears  to  be  increasing  again.  
The  states  reported  more  than  21000  newly  discovered  cases  today  up  from  last  week's  low  but  almost  an  exact  match  for  last  Tuesday's  new-case  number.  
As  the  number  of  people  in  our  Nation  who  have  died  from  surpasses  100000  this  is  a  heart-breaking  reminder  of
Seven  of  New  Zealand's  significant  clusters  have  closed.  The  most  recent  of  these  is  the  World  Hereford  Conference  cluster  which  was  closed  today.  Yesterday  laboratories  around  the  country  completed  2813  tests  bringing  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  288987.
There  are  currently  4236  people  in  managed  isolation  and  quarantine.  Our  current  effective  capacity  is  7103.  This  gives  us  an  excess  capacity  of  2867.  Over  the  next  week  we  are  projecting  2789  arrivals  and  1267  departures  from  our  facilities.
WHO  has  stated  there  is  no  possibility  that  coronavirus  is  transmitted  by  aerosols.
Workers  who  worked  from  1990  to  2020  have  the  right  to  receive  the  Corona  relief  of  INR120000  from  Ministry  of  Labour  and  Employment.
Today  there  are  three  people  in  hospital  with  COVID-19  one  is  in  isolation  on  a  ward  in  Auckland  City  Hospital.  Two  are  in  ICU  at  North  Shore  and  Waikato  hospitals.  Our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  is  now  1446  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  WHO
India  achieves  a  record  number  of  1055027  tests  in  a  single  day  on  August  29  2020.  
NOTE  Supermarkets  &amp;  stores  may  operate  daily  from  10:00  am  to  4:00  pm  Markets  may  open  from  10:00  am  to  2:00  pm  every  2  days  or  less  Pharmacies  may  continue  to  operate  as  usual  and  only  go  out  for  food  or  other  essential  items
.says  never  downplayed  the  virus.  He  expressly  said  that  he  did.  
Social  distancing  results  in  record  low  flu  numbers.  
Uber  services  in  Ghana  were  suspended  because  of  the  pandemic.
Our  entire  team  collaborated  to  fact-check  President  Trump  from  last  night's  Axios  interview.  Here's  our  roundup  verifying  claims  on  COVID-19  testing  death  rates  and  his  comments  on  the  late  Rep.  John  Lewis.  
Trump  Declares  War  on  Coronavirus?  No,  On  Venezuela!  
has  affected  every  person  in  America  in  some  way  but  it  is  not  affecting  everyone  in  the  SAME  way.  Many  racial  and  ethnic  groups  are  overly  affected  by  COVID-19.  Read  about  CDCs  commitment  to  improve  
Thousands  of  doctors  say  hydroxychloroquine  cures  coronavirus.
MHA  issues  guidelines  for  Metro  rail  services  to  resume  from  7th  September  2020  Public  gatherings  allowed  with  a  ceiling  of  100  persons  from  21st  September  2020  Open  air  theaters  permitted  to  open  from  21st  September  2020  
Joe  Diffies  death  was  labeled  as  a  COVID-19  death  and  it  wasnt!
Final  shoutout  to  Kansas  (and  Illinois  (Thus  far  they  are  the  only  two  states  breaking  out  testing  by  race  and  ethnicity.
A  Woman  is  Making  Covid-19  Masks  out  of  Her  Panties  
Victorian  Premier  Daniel  Andrews  said  "insisting  on  human  rights"  under  COVID-19  restrictions  was  not  only  selfish  but  also  stupid.
As  India  has  lowest  Deaths  per  Million  Population  Case  Fatality  Rate  (CFR)  is  also  declining  continuously;  currently  India's  CFR  is  below  2%  i.e  1.70%:  Secretary  
The  COCA  Call  today  at  2  pm  ET  will  also  be  available  on  COCAs  Facebook  profile  via  Facebook  Live!  Topic:  What  Clinicians  Need  to  Know  to  Prepare  for  COVID-19  in  the  U.S.Learn  more  about  the  event  at  
India  crosses  nine  million  COVID-19  tests  
Hot  baths  can  help  prevent  the  coronavirus.
Mayor  of  London  Sadiq  Khan  says  in  London  "although  the  numbers  of  positive  cases  has  gone  down  the  indications  are  the  virus  has  gone  up"  Get  the  latest  on  
2  new  cases  of  have  been  confirmed  in  Nigeria.  1  is  in  Lagos  State  &amp;  1  in  Ogun  One  case  is  a  returning  traveler.  The  second  case  is  contact  of  a  previously  confirmed  case  As  at  1pm  on  March  24  there  are  42  confirmed  cases  of  in  Nigeria-2  discharged  1  death  
There  are  1000  open  vacancies  for  nurses  doctors  and  other  health  professionals  to  work  on  a  temporary  hospital  in  So  Paulo  which  will  be  used  to  treat  COVID-19  cases.
Video  of  a  person  infected  with  coronavirus  committing  suicide  in  New  York.
in  public  to  help  slow  the  spread  of  COVID-19  but  be  sure  to  wear  it  the  right  way.  Position  your  mask  so  that  it  fully  covers  your  nose  and  mouth.  If  youre  not  wearing  your  mask  properly  particles  can  spread.  Learn  more:  
The  owner  of  the  Indian  jewellry  group  Joyalukkas  died  due  to  COVID-19.
Singapore  Airlines  Haults  All  Flights  Due  To  Coronavirus  Outbreak  
Highest  ever  recoveries  in  24  hrs  with  36145  patients  discharged.  
Nashville  Man  Has  Trouble  Distinguishing  between  Full  Circle  and  Square  One  
WHO  has  approved  homemade  remedy  for  COVID-19  cure  made  by  Ramu  from  Pondicherry
What  if  the  potential  requirement  for  wearing  masks  in  public  is  secretly  just  a  government  plot  to  get  Covidiots  to  voluntarily  self-isolate  at  home?  
India  continues  to  scale  new  peaks  in  tests!  More  than  11.70  lakh  samples  tested  daily  for  2
After  revision  So  Paulo  state  registers  only  26  deaths  by  COVID-19.
A  Johnson  &amp;  Johnson  COVID  vaccine  trial  prevented  severe  illness  in  a  small  group  of  hamsters.  However  the  promising  results  in  hamsters  does  not  necessarily  mean  the  vaccine  will  provide  the  same  level  of  protection  in  humans.  Read  more  by  
A  claim  that  facemasks  restrict  breathing  and  cause  hypoxia.
NEW:  Joe  Biden  was  wrong  when  he  recently  suggested  (not  for  the  first  time)  that  he  was  the  first  person  to  call  for  invoking  the  Defense  Production  Act  in  response  to  the  coronavirus.  
Organized  theft  of  malls  in  california..Virginia,  new  york  and  other  cities  due  to  years  or  Covid-19
Pundits  Say  That  Trump  (The  Default  President)  Needs  To  Stop  Worrying  About  Joe  Biden  
The  UK  has  a  plan  for  reopening  schools.  
State-wise  details  of  Total  Confirmed  cases  (till  23  September  2020  8  AM)  States  with  1-20000  confirmed  cases  States  with  20001-140000  confirmed  cases  States  with  140000+  confirmed  cases  Total  no.  of  confirmed  cases  so  far  
There  are  12  States/UTs  with  a  &gt;70%.  These  are:  (70.40%)  (70.72%)  (74.21%)  (74.85%)  (74.91%)  (75.34%)  (75.65%)  (76.81%)  (77.07%)  
Our  daily  update  is  published  with  a  few  states  not  reporting  over  the  long  weekend.  States  reported  801k  COVID-19  tests  and  45k  cases.  The  death  toll  was  915.  
Update  from  the  Ministry  of  Health:  Today  there  is  one  new  case  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  managed  isolation  in  New  Zealand.  It  has  been  74  days  since  the  last  case  of  COVID-19  was  acquired  locally  from  an  unknown  source.
Diary  Of  Someone  With  Covid-19  In  Self-Isolation  
Doug  Ford  reveals  Stage  3  has  no  plan  to  re-open  schools,  but  will  lower  drinking  age  to  8  COVID19  
According  to  the  latest  official  figures  there  have  been  a  further  18  COVID-related  deaths  and  3899  new  cases  in  the  UK.  For  the  latest  updates  click  below  
As  India  rides  the  wave  of  an  upsurge  in  testing  many  States/UTs  have  exceeded  140  tests/day/million
If  you  look  at  the  one  (hydroxychloroquine)  survey,  the  only  bad  survey,  they  were  giving  it  to  people  that  were  in  very  bad  shape.  They  were  very  old.  Almost  dead.
India  achieves  a  new  milestone  as  coronavirus  recoveries  cross  the  10  lakh  mark.  India  reports  a  record  50000+  new  infectionsthe  highest  till  date  taking  the  countrys  total  confirmed  case  count  to  15.8  lakh.  Tamil  Nadu  government  extends  lockdown  till  31  August.  
NEW:  A  coronavirus  vaccine:  Where  does  it  stand?  Experts  we  checked  with  remain  optimistic  about  a  vaccine  in  the  first  quarter  of  2021.  
With  India  recording  over  55000  new  cases  the  countrys  confirmed  case  tally  reaches  27  lakh.  Andhra  Pradesh  becomes  the  third  state  to  reach  the  three  lakh  mark  for  confirmed  coronavirus  cases.  Maharashtra  and  Tamil  Nadu  were  the  first  two.  
CDC  is  monitoring  15+  different  models  to  forecast  possible  deaths  in  the  US.  As  of  May  18  national  forecasts  suggest  that  the  increase  in  the  total  number  of  deaths  will  slow  but  exceed  110000  by  June  13.  Check  your  state  forecast:  
Cocaine  cures  COVID-19.
Indias  first  CRISPR  test  has  been  approved  for  use  in  India  Tata  Group  and  Institute  of  Genomics  &amp;  Integrative  Biology  have  indigenously  developed  CRISPR  technology  for  detection  of  genomic  sequence  of  virus.  Details:  
We  are  keeping  our  testing  approach  under  constant  review.  New  Zealanders  can  be  assured  that  our  capacity  remains  high  and  that  testing  at  the  border  and  in  our  communities  will  continue  to  be  an  essential  part  of  our  COVID-19  elimination  strategy.  
Number  of  covid-related  deaths  has  fallen  since  federal  police  started  an  investigation  on  the  number  of  deaths
Schools  colleges  educational  &amp;  coaching  institutions  will  remain  closed  till  31st  August  2020.  Online/distance  learning  shall  continue  to  be  permitted  and  shall  be  encouraged:  
As  at  09:10  pm  12th  April  there  are  323  confirmed  cases  85  discharged  10  deaths  Lagos-  176  FCT-  56  Osun-  20  Edo-  12  Oyo-  11  Ogun-  7  Bauchi-  6  Kaduna-  6  Akwa  Ibom-  5  Katsina-5  Kwara-  4  Delta-  3  Enugu-  2  Ekiti-  2  Rivers-2  Ondo-  2  Benue-  1  Niger-  1  Anambra-  1  Kano-1
According  to  the  New  Guidelines  by  MHA  Lockdown  is  limited  to  Containment  Zones.  Via  
As  of  now  no  guidelines/advisory  has  been  issued  from  Government  of  India  for  distribution  of  to  cases  who  are  under  The  decision  of  distributing  oximeter  may  therefore  vary  from  state  to  state.  
Israel  has  no  deaths  from  COVID-19;  tea  made  of  lemon  and  bicarbonate  can  cure  coronavirus.
As  at  10:40  pm  18th  April  the  correct  breakdown  of  cases  by  state  is  as  follows:  Lagos-  306  FCT-  81  Kano-  37  Osun-  20  Oyo-  16  Edo-  15  Ogun-  12  Kwara-  9  Katsina-  9  Bauchi-  6  Kaduna-  6  Akwa  Ibom-  6  Delta-  4  Ekiti-  3  Ondo-  3  Enugu-  2  Rivers-2  Niger-  2  Benue-  1  Anambra-  1
$2340  for  a  5-day  treatment  of  drug  candidate  announces  Gilead  Sciences  Inc.  
The  latest  updates  from  the  Ministry  of  Health  -  ManatHauora:Today  there  are  no  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  New  Zealand.  This  means  New  Zealands  combined  total  of  confirmed  and  probable  cases  remains  at  1498  of  which  1148  are  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19.  
The  coronavirus  is  the  common  cold,  folks.
Constant  sex  kills  coronavirus  reads  the  text  what  seems  to  be  a  manipulated  screenshot  of  a  CNN  news  report
The  kidney  of  the  deceased  taken  out  in  Nagpur  hospital  by  claiming  the  patient  had  the  new  coronavirus
Total  Cases  in  India  (as  on  August  29  2020)  21.90%  Active  cases  (752424)  76.28%  Cured/Discharged/Migrated  (2648998)  1.82%  Deaths  (62550)  Total  COVID-19  confirmed  cases  =  Active  cases+Cured/Discharged/Migrated+Deaths  Via  
Children  are  almost  immune  from  this  disease.
Almost  10  million  cases  or  two-thirds  of  all  cases  globally  are  from  10  countries  and  almost  half  of  all  cases  reported  so  far  are  from  just  three  countries-
Highest  ever  single  day  recoveries  of  60091  in  last  24  hours  
Meghan  Markle  Insists  That  Prince  Harry  Does  Not  Have  The  Coronavirus  Says  Its  Just  The  Sniffy  Sni
The  pandemic  has  opened  up  the  door  for  physicians  to  online  learning  for  physicians  new  Medscape  report  finds.  
Donald  Trump  fails  to  distinguish  between  younger  and  older  students  and  coronavirus  risks.  Early  studies  suggest  older  teens  can  catch  and  spread  COVID-19  much  like  adults.  
More  than  half  of  US  physicians  have  treated  patients  with  COVID-19;  only  5%  have  been  infected.  
195  new  cases  of  Enugu-51  Gombe-40  Lagos-39  Plateau-23  FCT-15  Rivers-12  Kaduna-8  Ondo-3  Bauchi-2  Edo-1  Ogun-1  57437  confirmed  48674  discharged  1100  deaths  
Our  combined  total  of  confirmed  and  probable  cases  remains  at  1504.  The  number  of  recovered  cases  is  unchanged  at  1481.  Only  one  case  remains  active.  There  are  no  additional  deaths  to  report.
It's  NOT  a  SECOND  WAVE  of  COVID-19  coming  soon.  It's  the  NORMAL  COLD  /  FLU  SEASON
Coronavirus  -  Patient  Zero  identified  
COVID-19  is  a  vaccine  that  is  'activated'  and  spreads  with  the  5G.
COVID-19  is  no  worse  than  other  outbreaks  that  have  occurred  in  every  election  yearsuggesting  that  the  new  coronavirus  is  being  hypedto  hurt  President  Donald  Trump.
Patients  who  die  in  hospitals  are  "intubated"  to  "explode  their  lungs."
First  shoutout  to  our  colleagues  right  here  on  the  COVID  Racial  Data  Trackerand  Adeline  Gutierrez  Nuez  and  the  team  at  the  new  BU  Center  for  Antiracist  Research.  
NHK  World's  Chinese  language  service  calls  COVID-19  the  "Novel  Japanese  coronavirus".
wearing  masks  has  been  proven  ineffective.
People  who  said  they  enjoyed  lockdown  2020  -  a  pie  chart!    Get  yours  here  &gt;&gt;&gt;  
_The  novel  coronavirus  has  been  artificially  created  in  a  laboratory._
NHS  services  could  take  as  long  as  2  years  to  recover  from  the  effects  of  COVID-19.  
238  new  cases  of  92-Kano  36-FCT  30-Lagos  16-Gombe  10-Bauchi  8-Delta  6-Oyo  5-Zamfara  5-Sokoto  4-Ondo  4-Nasarawa  3-Kwara  3-Edo  3-Ekiti  3-Borno  3-Yobe  2-Adamawa  1-Niger  1-Imo  1-Ebonyi  1-Rivers  1-Enugu  2170  confirmed  cases  of  in  Nigeria  Discharged:  351  Deaths:  68  
The  Mail  on  Sunday  newspaper  played  a  key  role  in  disseminating  the  theory  that  the  virus  was  developed  by  a  Chinese  lab  in  January  2020.
Farm  owners  and  operators  can  help  slow  the  spread  of  New  and  guidance  is  available  to  help  farm  owners
As  at  11:30  pm  24th  April:  Lagos-657  FCT-138  Kano-73  Ogun-35  Gombe-30  Katsina-21  Osun-20  Edo-19  Oyo-18  Borno-12  Kwara-11  Akwa  Ibom-11  Kaduna-10  Bauchi-8  Delta-6  Ekiti-4  Ondo-3  Rivers-3  Jigawa-2  Enugu-2  Niger-2  Abia-2  Zamfara-2  Sokoto-2  Benue-1  Anambra-1  Adamawa-1  Plateau-1
testing  status  update:  stated  that  43324834  samples  tested  upto  September  01  2020  1016920  sample  tested  on  September  01  2020  
Help  stop  the  domino  chain  of  infection.  Stay  home.  Wash  your  hands.  When  out  for  essential  trips  wear  a  cloth  face  covering  and  keep  at  least  6  feet  of  distance  between  yourself  and  others.  
_Nobel  laureate  and  Japan's  renowned  professor  Tasuku  Honjo  has  described  coronavirus  as  unnatural.  He  has  also  said  that  this  has  been  prepared  in  a  lab  in  China._
Underlying  conditions  increase  risk  of  severe  coronavirus  in  at  least  20%  of  patients.  
In  Italy  232  children  have  died  from  COVID-19.
Florida  May  Have  To  Close  
Homeless  service  providers:  Planning  and  responding  to  among  people  experiencing  homelessness  requires  a  whole  community  approach.  Learn  more:  
Tanzanian  club  spokesman  Haji  S.  Manara  was  infected  with  COVID-19  during  his  tour  of  The  Netherlands.
Here  are  the  states  reporting  over  500  cases.  Same  story  as  the  past  week  but  larger  magnitude.  
Congress  MP  Dr.  Shashi  Tharoor  praised  LDF  government  in  Kerala  India  for  their  COVID-19  relief  work.
We  want  to  find  the  virus  and  we  will  support  anyone  who  has  it  to  ensure  their  health  and  well  being  are  well  looked  after  and  we  stop  the  spread  in  the  community.  None  of  our  active  cases  requires  hospital-level  care.
poll  finds  38%  of  Americans  say  they  will  not  drink  Corona  beer  because  of  the  virus.
If  you  have  fever  cough  loss  of  taste  or  smell  or  certain  other  symptoms  you  might  have  If  you  think  you  might  have  COVID-19  or  think  you  may  have  been  near  someone  who  has  COVID-19  contact  a  healthcare  provider  for  medical  advice.  
_A  video  has  been  viewed  tens  of  thousands  of  times  in  multiple  posts  on  Facebook  Twitter  and  YouTube  alongside  a  claim  it  shows  police  in  India  beating  a  man  to  death  after  he  violated  a  nationwide  coronavirus  lockdown  by  "venturing  out  for  food"._
That  said  some  states  like  Maryland  have  begun  to  separate  out  confirmed  and  probable  deaths.  This  method  of  reporting  looks  like  the  best  path  forward  to  allow  for  comprehensive  accounting.  
From  June  10  to  July  10  these  five  states  have  seen  generally  rising  cases  and  steadily  increasing  hospitalizations.  
A  chain  that  circulates  through  WhatsApp  that  says  that  the  coronavirus  is  not  a  virus  "as  we  have  been  led  to  believe"  but  is  "a  bacterium  amplified  by  5G  electromagnetic  radiation  that  also  produces  inflammation  and  hypoxia".
India  to  play  critical  role  in  providing  coronavirus  vaccine  to  the  world:  Anthony  Fauci  
A  video  shows  that  the  United  States  armed  forces  have  entered  New  York  City  as  the  precaution  against  riots  which  once  happened  during  the  blackout  in  1977.
its  not  safe  to  put  a  mask  on  your  pet?  While  pets  can  get  from  people  the  risk  of  pets  spreading  COVID-19  is  low.  Instead  protect  your  pet  by  limiting  their  contact  with  sick  people  and  people  outside  the  household.  
The  death  toll  in  our  dataset  was  1911.  New  York  made  up  less  than  a  quarter  of  that  total.  
India  continues  to  scale  new  heights  in  tests  Over  11.5  lakh  tests  conducted  in  the  last  24  hour  
An  unexpected  finding  on  cytokine  storm  in  COVID  is  this  week's  Clinical  Trend.  
Quran  been  read  in  White  House  to  stop  Corona  virus  in  USA
As  of  3/7/20  Tanzania  and  Zambia  had  confirmed  fist  cases  of  the  new  coronavirus.
If  you  have  certain  underlying  medical  conditions  you  are  at  increased  risk  of  severe  illness  from  no  matter  your  age.  Find  tips  to  protect  yourself:  
With  the  void  of  leadership  in  the  White  House,  governors  across  the  country  have  stepped  up  to  meet  this  moment.  This  afternoon,  Ill  be  joined  by  a  few  of  them  for  a  roundtable  discussion  on  COVID-19.      Tune  in  at  3:30  PM  ET  to  watch:  
Wearing  a  cloth  face  covering  CORRECTLY  can  help  prevent  the  spread  of  to  others.  When  you  go  out  on  essential  t
Some  good  news:  The  infection  rate  of  COVID-19  in  Dallas  County  is  the  lowest  it  has  been  since  cases  were  first  reported  h
Focused  implemention  of  Centre-led  strategies  has  ensured  prompt  identification  timely  isolation  &amp;  effective  clinical  treatment  leading  to  reduced  Case  Fatality  Rate.  30  States/UTs  performed  better  than  the  national  average.  
It's  important  to  understand  the  differences  between  Stay  at  Home  orders  and  Social  Distancing  guidelines.  The  best  thing  to  do  to  beat  COVID  is  Go  to  to  learn  more  and  urge  your  leaders  to  take  action.  
COVID-19  Update  There  is  1  new  community  case  of  COVID-19.  The  new  case  is  in  Auckland  has  an  epidemiological  link  to  an  existing  case  and  is  associated  with  the  Mt  Roskill  Evangelical  Fellowship  bereavement  events  group.
Says  the  governors  of  Michigan,  New  York  and  Nevada  have  issued  orders  banning  the  prescription  of  hydroxychloroquine  to  patients  with  COVID-19.
As  of  today  (8AM)  has  the  highest  no.  of  active  cases  (162806).  
No  Nobel  Prize  laureate  Tasuku  Honjo  didn't  say  the  coronavirus  is  "not  natural"  as  a  post  on  Facebook  claims.  In  fact  Professor  Honjo  said  he's  "greatly  saddened"  his  name  was  used  to  spread  misinformation.  This  and  more  in  the  latest  
As  we  unite  to  recover  from  the  effects  of  COVID-19  it's  still  important  that  we  keep  the  basic  hygiene  measures  including  washing  your  hands  and  coughing  or  sneezing  into  your  elbow.
The  image  shows  COVID-19  patients  and  the  state  of  coronavirus  isolation  ward  in  Pakistan.
We  just  announced  that  we  have  concluded  advanced  exploratory  talks  with  the  European  Commission  to  supply  80  million  doses  of  mRNA-1273.  Read  more  here:  
As  of  the  6th  of  July  more  than  70000  cases  have  been  reported  among  indigenous  peoples  in  the  Americas  and  more  than  two  thousand  deaths.  Most  recently  at  least  six  cases  have  been  reported  among  the  Nahua  people  who  live  in  the  Peruvian  Amazon-
Michigan  Gov.  Gretchen  Whitmers  family  spent  May  20  at  her  second  home  breaking  her  own  stay-at-home  orders.
437  new  cases  of  Lagos-107  FCT-91  Plateau-81  Kaduna-32  Ogun-30  Kwara-24  Ebonyi-19  Ekiti-17  Oyo-8  Borno-6  Edo-6  Kano-4  Nasarawa-3  Osun-3  Taraba-3  Gombe-2  Bauchi-1  46577  confirmed  33186  discharged  945  deaths  
Image  of  the  people  who  died  of  coronavirus  in  Italy.
According  to  Bill  Gates  the  COVID-19  RNA  vaccine  will  permanently  alter  our  DNA.  RNA  vaccines  can  also  cause  autoimmunity.
Our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  is  now  1376  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  World  Health  Organization.Yesterday  our  laboratories  processed  9991  tests  for  COVID-19  bringing  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  740321.
_A  photo  of  a  woman  lying  in  a  hospital  bed  with  medical  equipment  attached  to  her  body  has  been  shared  hundreds  of  times  on  Facebook  and  Twitter  alongside  claims  that  the  woman  was  a  doctor  who  died  after  being  beaten  by  a  Muslim  mob  while  trying  to  administer  novel  coronavirus  tests._
The  novel  coronavirus  can  be  cured  by  one  bowl  of  freshly  boiled  garlic.
There  is  progressive  rise  in  the  Recovered  cases.  As  on  8th  September  2020  approx  33  lakh  patients  have  been  recovered  and  discharged:  Secretary  
New  update  with  state  data  up  to  midnight  eastern:  tally  shows  over  4000  tests.  WA  and  CA  have  conducted  the  most  tests  and  have  the  most  cases.  Big  gaps  in  our  testing  capacity  knowledge:  MA  TX  GA  PA.
A  number  of  areas  have  been  added  to  the  coronavirus  watchlist  as  scientists  warned  the  transmission  rate  could  now  be  as  high  as  1.4  in  the  UK.  Find  out  if  your  area  is  affected  
And  thank  you  also  to  the  individual  essential  volunteers  who  go  out  and  get  all  the  data  for  us  every  day  holiday  or  not.  Without  their  labor  so  many  projects  and  organizers  would  lack  the  data  needed  to  understand  how  COVID  affects  communities.
Man  worried  about  coronavirus  still  hasnt  gotten  flu  shot  
There  are  18  States/UTs  in  the  country  where  the  total  number  of  active  cases  are  between  5000  and  upto  50000:  Secretary  
Some  myth  bustersabout  COVID-19:  spraying  of  alcohol  or  chlorine  over  the  body  will  not  kill  viruses;  drinking  alcohol  smoking  or  eating  garlic  does  not  protect  you  from  COVID-19;  sesame  oil  does  not  kill  it.  A  fact-check:  
If  you  arent  able  to  test  people  the  infection  is  spreading  blindly.The  chairman  of  the  British  Medical  Association  Dr  Chaand  Nagpaul  says  doctors  want  an  effective  test  and  trace  systemto  prevent  a  second  wave  of  
The  latest  CDC  report  shows  that  the  percentage  of  ER  visits  associated  with  has  decreased  nationally  for  eight  consecutive  weeks  and  is  on  the  decline  in  all  10  regions  in  the  U.S.  Learn  more:  
Inference  projections  are  a  massive  step  forward.  Among  their  many  benefits  is  that  projections  now  implicitly  take  into  account  local  factors  such  as  population  density  or  compliance  with  anti-COVID  interventions.  Read  more  about  Inference  Projections:  
Another  current  known  data  problem  is  Washington  State.  After  rock-solid  reporting  through  the  early  part  of  the  outbreak  their  system  got  gummed  up  and  we  have  not  seen  a  new  update  from  the  state  for  days.
649  new  cases  of  Lagos-250  Oyo-100  Plateau-40  Delta-40  Abia-28  Kaduna-27  Ogun-22  Edo-20  Akwa  Ibom-18  Kwara-17  FCT-17  Enugu-14  Niger-13  Adamawa-13  Bayelsa-7  Osun-6  Bauchi-6  Anambra-4  Gombe-3  Sokoto-2  Imo-1  Kano-1  22020  cases  7613  discharged  542  deaths  
COVID-19  Update  There  are  two  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report.  The  first  case  is  a  returnee  in  managed  isolation  and  the  second  is  a  health  worker  who  works  in  Aucklands  quarantine  facility.
As  at  11:00  pm  14th  April  number  of  states  with  confirmed  cases  of  19  +  FCT  Lagos-  214  FCT-  58  Osun-  20  Edo-  15  Oyo-  11  Ogun-  9  Bauchi-  6  Kaduna-  6  Akwa  Ibom-  6  Katsina-5  Kwara-  4  Kano-  4  Ondo-  3  Delta-  3  Enugu-  2  Ekiti-  2  Rivers-2  Benue-  1  Niger-  1  Anambra-  1
A  stoush  has  opened  up  over  the  Victorian  Government's  use  or  possible  lack  thereof  of  ADF  personnel  in  managing  coronavirus.  Here  are  the  facts  on  how  many  ADF  personnel  are  deployed  for  the  pandemic  in  each  state:  
Kia  ora  we  don't  have  enough  research  or  evidence  to  support  the  use  of  such  a  spray.  We  encourage  people  to  regularly  wash  their  hands  and  disinfect  surfaces  to  aid  in  the  fight  against  COVID-19.
They  lied  since  day  Pleuro  pneumonia!  How  many?  That's  also  what  the  flu  can  turn  into  &amp;  kills  ya.    I'm  so  done  with  this  shit.  They  took  a  simple  virus  &amp;  turned  it  into  a  pandemic  to  shut  down  the  WORLD  WHY?  To  change  out  fiber  optics  lines  &amp;  spying?    Watch  Snowden  movie.
Looks  like  COVID  immunity  may  fade  within  months.  
Chair  of  NHS  Test  and  Trace  Baroness  Dido  Harding  says  the  demand  for  a  test  is  "multiples  of  the  test  capacity  we  have  today"  and  adds  up  to  25%  of  people  who  get  a  test  do  not  have  any  symptoms.  Latest:  
_Vaccines  against  the  novel  coronavirus  are  dangerous.  Moreover  a  mutation  in  the  virus  will  make  them  ineffective._
Ontario  government  announces  plan  to  blame  the  feds  if  school  reopening  plan  goes  wrong  
A  British  company  has  launched  a  household  cleaner  which  destroys  in  just  60  seconds.  Follow  live  updates  
Canada  has  just  criminalized  all  CV19  measures  requiring  masks,  distancing,  quarantining  &  vaccines.
Speaker  Pelosi  says  Trump's  taxes  reveal  'national  security'  issue  Sociopathic  Pelosi  w/  $26,000  refrigerator/18.00ice  cream  she  flaunts.  Pelosi,  cold  blooded  kidnapped  American  citizens'  "Bioweapon  COVID19  Aid"-thousands  killed,  millions  in  spilled  blood.
Do  your  part  to  slow  the  spread  of  1)Wear  a  face  covering  when  in  public.  2)Stay  at  least  6  ft  away  from  others  and  avoid  large  crowds.  3)Wash  your  hands  often.  CDC  joins  in  saying  
Coronavirus  sticks  faster  on  men  with  shaved  heads
Our  daily  update  is  published.  States  reported  658k  tests  56k  cases  and  1485  deaths.  The  number  of  currently  hospitalized  COVID-19  patients  continues  to  fall.  There  are  many  data  issues  which  we  note  in  this  thread.  
Our  apologies.  The  first  Arizona  chart  we  posted  had  a  problem.  The  average  deaths  have  risen  but  not  by  as  much  as  the  chart  showed.  We've  deleted  the  previous  chart.  This  one  is  correct.  We  regret  the  error.  
On  Michigan.  The  state  has  the  third-most  confirmed  cases  and  deaths  (after  NY  then  NJ).  We  had  not  been  including  their  negative  test  number  because  the  state  said  it  represented  "specimens"  not  people.
There  are  now  15  COVID  special  clinics.  We  have  seen  congestions  at  this  clinics  so  please  remember  that  you  can  also  be  tested  for  free  at  your  GP.  If  you  are  well  please  stay  put.  This  helps  us  prioritise  testing.
Home  Secretary  Priti  Patel  said  she  would  call  the  police  on  a  neighbour  having  a  party  that  broke  new  COVID-19  rules.  Read  more  on  this  story  here:  
Lock  down  exit  will  bump  up  CORONA  Cases  to  40K  .!!.  Present  "official  report"  21700  is  also  under  doubt..!  Still  we  are  not  tested  Corona  cases  like  GERMANY...  Already  V  R  equivalent  to  FRANCE..!!  on  CORONA  Cases  But  our  Health  infrastructure  not  ENOUGH  to  save  poor  ...2  
State-wise  details  of  Total  Confirmed  cases  (till  21  September  2020  8  AM)  States  with  1-20000  confirmed  cases  States  with  20001-135000  confirmed  cases  States  with  135000+  confirmed  cases  Total  no.  of  confirmed  cases  so  far  
The  End  Of  The  World  Is  Nigh  
10  States/UTs  account  for  83%  of  the  deaths  in  the  last  24  hours  due  to  COVID.  Maharashtra  reported  392  deaths  followed  by  Karnataka  and  Uttar  Pradesh  with  83  and  77  deaths  respectively.  
Lockdown  in  Telangana  extended  till  3  June  2020.
Patients  will  be  urged  to  book  A&amp;E  appointments  as  part  of  a  shake-up  of  emergency  services  in  response  to  the  pandemic  
If  Louisiana  continues  to  hospitals  should  not  become  overloaded.  However  if  distancing  is  relaxed  there  is  a  potential  for  over  43k  hospitalizations  -  overwhelming  the  system  by  April  30.  Learn  more  at  
Muslim  Men  Are  Sneezing  In  Unison  To  Spread  Novel  Coronavirus.
ALERT:  Americans  With  Coronavirus  Symptoms  Are  Being  Asked  To  Cough  Directly  Onto  President  Trump  
Major  League  Baseball  Gains  a  Big  Sponsor  
.says  U.S.  is  at  the  top  globally  in  COVID-19  fight.  It  isnt.  
We're  building  out  some  slack  channels  for  different  types  of  users.  You  can  sign  up  here.  
Tablik  Jamaat  Chief  Maulana  Saad
India  reports  over  12000  new  COVID-19  infections  the  highest  single-day  rise  so  far.  Centre  directs  states  and  UTs  to  ensure  timely  release  of  salary  for  doctors  and  health  workers.  Violations  to  be  treated  as  a  punishable  offence.  
Typically  one  does  not  die  solely  from  an  infectious  diseaseone  expert  said.  The  CDC  did  not  quietly  adjustUS  coronavirus  deaths.  
Coronavirus  testing  in  the  UK  has  been  cobbled  together  by  a  government  that  doesn't  really  understand  the  science  behind  it  all  says  
Latest  updates  from  Ministry  of  Health:  For  the  17th  consecutive  day  there  are  no  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  New  Zealand.Our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  remains  at  1154  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  World  Health  Organization.
COVID-19  may  be  linked  to  an  onset  of  pediatric  type  1  diabetes  an  Imperial  College  London  study  suggests.  
Despite  various  challenges  18  lakh  houses  have  been  built  under  the  PMAY  scheme  during  the  pandemic.  Out  of  these
As  at  11:55pm  25th  April  Lagos-689  FCT-138  Kano-77  Ogun-35  Osun-32  Gombe-30  Katsina-30  Borno-30  Edo-22  Oyo-18  Kwara-11  Akwa  Ibom-11  Bauchi-11  Kaduna-10  Ekiti-8  Ondo-4  Delta-6  Rivers-3  Jigawa-2  Enugu-2  Niger-2  Abia-2  Zamfara-2  Sokoto-2  Benue-1  Anambra-1  Adamawa-1  Plateau-1  Imo-1
A  Shaheen  Bagh  protest  in  India  was  claimed  to  have  coronavirus.
Traces  of  the  Coronavirus  Are  Found  at  AT&amp;T  Stadium,  Home  of  the  Dallas  Cowboys  
Ginger  onion  and  garlic  help  with  coronavirus.
A  senior  police  inspector  is  infected  with  COVID-19  in  Bhagalpur  Central  Jail  in  India.
We  suspect  this  is  happening  in  other  states  too  where  weve  seen  smaller  dips  in  hospital  reporting  that  may  or  may  not  fall  within  the  normal  range.  We  are  not  adjusting  any  hospitalization  numbers  for  states  that  havent  posted  an  advisory  note  that  their  numbers  are  flawed.
Colombian  doctor  Manuel  Elkin  Patarroyo  said  that  breast  milk  eliminates  the  new  coronavirus.
During  the  pandemic  we  must  continue  to  maintain  essential  public  health  services  like  prevention  &amp;  control.  
Coronavirus:  COVID  testing  programme  'in  chaos'  amid  185000  swab  backlog  leaked  documents  show  
Recent  studies  also  suggested  that  viral  load  peaks  in  the  pre-symptomatic  period  (2  days  before)  &amp;  goes  down  over  the  next  7  days.  Available  evidence  does  not  indicate  any  increase  in  the  risk  of  transmission  from  patients  discharged  based  on  revised  discharge  criteria.  (3/4)
India's  COVID-19  testing  crosses  3  crore  mark:  Health  Ministry  Read  Story  |  
UPDATE  A  total  of  89706  new  cases  have  been  reported  in  the  last  24  hours  of  which  Maharashtra  alone  contr
COVID-19  virus  will  be  killed  at  a  temperature  of  30-35  degrees.  Therefore,  drink  more  hot  water,  go  under  the  sun  for  a  long  time
The  change  in  the  national  picture  since  June  15  when  there  were  less  than  19k  new  cases  reported  is  stunning.  But  the  movement  really  began  in  the  South  in  late  May.  The  dot  in  the  right  chart  is  May  29  Memorial  Day.  
New  Recoveries  in  India  have  exceeded  the  New  Cases  for  5  consecutive  days.  
Trump  says  that  subjecting  the  body  to  ultraviolet  light  exposure  and  injecting  disinfectant  can  be  an  effective  treatment  against  the  coronavirus.
Prime  Minister  Boris  Johnson  tells  a  liaison  committee  that  his  government  is  doing  the  best  it  can  to  make  testing  more  readily  available.  Latest  on  this  story  here:  
New  WHO  guidelines  recommend  encouraging  children  under  four  to  masturbate.
Our  daily  update  is  published.  States  reported  731k  tests.  An  important  caveat  is  that  were  missing  some  testing  data  from  Florida  due  to  the  hurricane.  There  were  50k  cases  reported  and  519  deaths.  Keep  in  mind  its  Monday  so  weekend  delays  will  be  filled  out  later  this  week.  
We  also  fact-checked  remarks  from  Trumps  adult  children  during  the  Republican  National  Convention:  Don  Jr.  on  the  COVID  relief  bill  Tiffany  on  health  care  and  Eric  on  immigration.  
PM  launched  Hi-Tech  state  of  the  art  COVID-19  testing  facilities  in  3  cities  which  will  scale  up  testing  to  1
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Weve  tracked  a  total  of  944854  completed  tests  up  more  than  113  thousand  from  yesterday.  Note  that  we  can  only  track  tests  that  a  state  reports.  And  not  all  states  report  all  negative  tests.  For  details  see:  
A  blog  article  claiming  that  according  to  the  European  Parliament  5G  accelerates  the  COVID-19  pandemic.
From  a  progress  report  on  COVID-19  in  the  journal  "Nature":  "...Researchers  used  Vero  cells  which  do  not  express  TMPRSS2  in  an  early  study  that  suggested  that  the  drug  chloroquine  might  work  as  a  treatment  for  COVID-19.  1/3
Disney  World  reopens  in  hopes  that  inevitable  parental  deaths  will  inspire  future  films  
Also  Tax  18%  on  COVID  19  Masks,  Sanitizers,  A/C  houses,LPG  Cylinders,Briefs..!these  r  fast  usage  goods  frm  3/2020  ,  Idlis,Dosas,meals  in  5  star  Hotels  can  yields  revenue.."Think  tanks"  Consider  these  special  CORONA  TAX  of  18%  on  all  goods  
Says  Rudy  Giuliani  "bought  $2M  in  shares  of  Novartis,  a  primary  supplier  of  hydroxychloroquine"  in  early  February.
.report  looking  at  almost  600  hospitalized  pregnant  women  with  found  that  pregnant  women  can  have  severe  illness  and  poor  birth  outcomes  such  as  the  mother  requiring  intensive  care  pregnancy  loss  and  preterm  birth.  Learn  more:  
In  a  pre-COVID  world  when  we  traveled  across  the  U.S.  to  give  media  literacy  trainings  to  teens  teachers  at  the  schools  wou
India  scales  a  new  peak  of  5  cr  total  tests  Tests  Per  Million  on  a  continuous  rise  pegged  at  36703  today  
The  daily  testing  average  had  been  on  a  continuous  upward  incline  from  around  7  lakh  tests  being  conducted  per  day  in  the  3rd  week  of  August  to  10  lakh  tests  per  day  in  the  1st  week  of  September.  Details:  
Govt  giving  Rs  1.5  lakhs  to  municipalities  for  each  COVID-19  patients
6  of  the  7  new  cases  are  already  linked  to  the  existing  cluster  in  Auckland.  One  of  the  new  cases  remains  under  investigation  (continued)
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Weve  now  tracked  16.5  million  tests  up  ~396k  from  yesterday.  That's  about  the  7-day  average.  Note  that  we  can  only  track  tests  that  a  state  reports.  For  details  see:  
About  75%  of  decedents  had  co-morbidities  like  CV  disease  or  diabetes.  
Total  recoveries  cross  12.3  lakh.  Recovery  Rate  jumps  to  66.31%  Case  Fatality  Rate  further  reduces  to  2.1%.
UPDATE  Close  to  half  (48.45%)  of  the  Active  Cases  are  concentrated  in  3  States;  Maharashtra  Karnataka  and
Lymphocytopenia  could  predict  outcomes.  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  States  reported  836k  tests  44k  cases  and  863  deaths.  Hospitalizations  remain  around  ~30k.  
pandemic  could  tip  over  130  million  more  people  into  chronic  hunger  by  the  end  of  2020  adding  to  persistent  hunger  &amp;  -  new  &amp;  WHO  report  highlights  challenges  to  achieving  0  hunger  by  2030.  
Coronavirus  stays  on  fabric  for  9  hours,  so  washing  clothes  or  being  exposed  to  the  sun  for  two  hours  meets  the  purpose  of  killing  it.
President  Trump  is  Now  The  Official  Spokesman  for  Goya  Beans  
Pangolin  is  the  original  cause  of  COVID-19.
Yesterday  our  laboratories  completed  2057  tests.  That  brings  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  426776.
Today,  amid  the  COVID-19  pandemic,  the  Trump-backed  lawsuit  to  dismantle  the  ACA  enters  a  new  phase.  If  Trump  and  Republican  AGs  succeed,  itll  mean  devastation  for  our  health  care  system  that  will  cause  untold  pain  and  suffering.  We  can't  let  that  happen.  
3  additional  labs  have  been  activated  for  inclusion  in  the  NCDC  Molecular  Lab  Network  in  the  following  states  Ibadan  Akwa  Ibom  Jigawa  This  brings  the  total  number  of  labs  with  capacity  to  test  for  in  Nigeria  to  33  In  progress:  Kwara  Gombe  Ekiti  Ondo  &amp;  Abia  
As  some  countries  start  to  open  up  we  see  cases  and  deaths  starting  to  spike  and  concerns  about  potential  lack  of  hospital  capacity.-
Arizona  and  Missouri  report  only  facilities  with  outbreaks  not  actual  cases  deaths  or  facility  namesthis  appears  transparent  but  doesnt  convey  COVID-19s  true  impact.  County  health  depts  (Maricopa  AZ  and  St.  Louis  MO)  provide  both  statesmost  reliable  source  of  LTC  data.
News  and  media  outlet  ABP  Majha  on  the  basis  of  an  internal  memo  of  South  Central  Railway  reported  that  a  special  train  has  been  announced  to  take  the  stranded  migrant  workers  home.
The  Pinol  brand  of  disinfectant  is  the  solution  to  the  coronavirus.
Labour  leader  Sir  Keir  Starmer  says  he  "disagrees"  that  the  head  of  Test  and  Trace  Dido  Harding  and  her  team  were  unaware  a  second  COVID  spike  would  occur.  Latest  on  the  government's  response  here:  
Fire  management  agencies  should  encourage  personnel  to  self-monitor  for  symptoms  of  who  have  symptoms  sh
The  (COVID-19)  cases  are  going  up,  but  it's  because  the  testing  is  going  up.
Our  daily  update  is  published.  States  reported  643k  tests  40k  cases  and  1195  deaths.  
California  Texas  and  Florida  all  reported  over  6000  new  cases  today.  
South  Carolina  reported  72  new  deaths  30  more  than  the  state  has  ever  reported  in  a  day  and  a  very  large  number  for  a  state  that  has  a  quarter  of  the  population  of  Florida.  
Both  NSW  Premier  and  Vic.  Health  Min.  have  compared  testing  rates  in  their  states  favourably  with  the  world.  We  found  Ms  Berejiklian's  claim  to  be  overblown  and  Ms  Mikakos's  claim  to  be  a  fair  call.  Here's  why:  
A  worker  at  the  Prince  hotel  in  Mehdipatnam  (Hyderbad  India)  has  tested  positive  for  coronavirus.
Hi  We  know  this  is  tough.  We  find  out  on  Monday  if  New  Zealand  will  move  alert  levels.  At  Alert  Level  two  domestic  travel  is  allowed.  You  can't  drive  from  Auckland  to  Wellington  under  alert  level  three.  The  rules  are  outlined  here  
Seventeen  days  agowe  set  a  target  to  scale  up  testing  capacity  from  6  to  13  labs  in  3  weeks  Todaywe  announced  the  inclusion  of  the  12th  &amp;  13th  labs  with  plans  for  further  expansion  Our  lab  strategy  set  to  be  published  has  more  details  on  how  were  scaling  up  testing  
Stepping  back:  even  with  the  number  of  new  cases  declining  a  little  the  absolute  number  of  infections  still  occurring  in  the  country  is  far  too  high  for  people  to  accept  as  the  new  normal.  
Industrial  bleach  being  sold  on  Amazon  as  'miracle  mineral  solution'  of  COVID-19  
New  report  on  in  Singapore  shows  that  some  clusters  of  cases  likely  resulted  from  people  without  symptoms  spreading  illness.  Social  distancing  and  avoiding  crowds  are  key  to  slowing  the  spread  of  COVID-19.  
Create  a  cleaner  air  space  to  protect  yourself  and  your  loved  ones  from  smoke  during  the  pandemic.  Learn  more:  
The  group  of  2159:  Aside  from  the  people  on  compassionate  exemptions  all  of  these  people  had  completed  a  full  14  days  in  managed  isolation.  A  reminder  to  anyone  who  was  in  a  managed  isolation  facility  between  June  9-16  who  has  not  yet  spoken  with  Healthline  to  call  093020408.
Did  you  see  articles  claiming  that  an  early  vaccine  trial  participant  in  the  UK  had  died?  Turns  out  she  is  alive  and  well  fact  checkers  have  found.  Don't  believe  the  misinfo  out  there  about  Read  CoronaCheck  instead:  
All  countries  on  the  continent  now  have  lab  testing  capacity  for  compared  with  just  2  at  the  beginning  of  the  pandemic.-
Local  Woman  Informs  Kids  That  Mothers  Day  Is  Going  Ahead  Despite  Coronavirus
As  of  17  July  10PM  there  are  684  active  cases  in  District  
COVID  helped  urologists  embrace  telemedicine.  
FREE  HORSES!!!!  52  thoroughbred  horses  need  homes.  Will  go  to  Sugarcreek  this  Sat.  for  slaughter.  Gentleman  died  due  to  COVID-19  and  his  son  wants  nothing  to  do  with  them.
Steam  of  cow  urine  or  dung  to  treat  COVID
Record  highest  single  day  recoveries  of  56110  registered.  In  the  first  week  of  July  daily  average  recovered  cases  were  at  15000  which  jumped  to  more  than  50000  in  the  first  week  of  August.  
The  coronavirus  is  simply  the  common  cold.
Separate  crematoriums,  graveyards  mooted  for  Covid-19  fatalities  
can  be  spread  by  people  who  do  not  have  symptoms  &amp;  do  not  know  that  they  are  infected.  Cloth  face  coverings  may  help  prevent  people  who  have  COVID-19  from  spreading  the  virus  to  others.  Learn  more:  
Germany  and  the  United  States  are  the  two  best  in  deaths  per  100000  people  which  frankly  to  me  that's  perhaps  the  most  important  number  there  is.
State-wise  details  of  Total  Confirmed  cases  (till  1  September  2020  8  AM)  States  with  1-10000  confirmed  cases  States  with  10001-90000  confirmed  cases  States  with  90000+  confirmed  cases  Total  no.  of  confirmed  cases  so  far  
A  tweet  from  Donald  Trump  in  2009  said  that  he  would  'never  let  thousands  of  Americans  die  from  a  pandemic'.
Thank  you.  We  had  not  seen  this  article.  We're  just  beginning  to  track  hospitalizations  ICU  admissions  etc.  So  we've  got  some  work  to  do  figuring  out  the  best  sourcing  when  states  don't  report.
The  symptoms  of  the  first  nine  days  when  one  contracts  COVID-19.
ibuprofen  can  make  coronavirus  (COVID-19)  worse.
I  have  confidence  that  the  American  public  will  continue  to  embrace  mitigation  techniques  (face  mask  social  dist
The  COVID-19  pandemic  "was  set  up  in  a  meeting"  in  2019  sponsored  by  the  Bill  &  Melinda  Gates  Foundation.
Images  of  an  alleged  fire  at  New  York's  Lebanon  Hospital.
As  of  14  July  2020  7:15pm  there  are  1744  active  cases  in  
There  are  104  linked  to  the  community  cluster  who  have  been  transferred  to  the  Auckland  Quarantine  facility.  This  includes  75  people  who  have  tested  positive  for  COVID-19  and  are  household  contacts.
If  we  can  limit  contact  between  people  who  are  infected  and  others  then  we  can  limit  opportunities  for  the  virus  that  causes  to  be  transmitted  This  is  important  to  reduce  the  spread  of  
We've  followed  up  with  those  who  had  received  an  exemption  to  leave  managed  isolation  on  compassionate  grounds  the  group  of  55  who  left  between  the  9th-16th  of  June.  Note  that  one  of  them  had  their  exemption  removed  so  was  required  to  stay  for  the  full  14  days.  
And  finally  deaths  from  the  beginning  to  yesterday.  (Along  with  your  periodic  reminder  that  New  York  State  still  is  not  reporting  over  5000  probable  deaths  recorded  by  New  York  City  and  the  CDC.)  
We  assume  that  hospitals  can  increase  their  available  beds  for  COVID-19  patients  by  approximately  5%  per  day  until  they  reach  maximum  capacity  of  an  increase  of  107%  of  their  current  bed  capacity.
Former  NYC  Mayor  Rudolph  Giuliani  said  he  "bought  $2M  in  shares  of  Novartis  a  primary  supplier  of  hydroxychloroquine"  in  early  February.
Go  to  2020census.gov  and  fill  out  this  census  form  so  you  can  get  your  stimulus  check.
Fact  Check:  Neither  The  Viral  Post  On  Coronavirus  (COVID-19)  Is  From  UNICEF  Nor  It  Is  Accurate
Californias  arriving  traveler  monitoring  for  was  limited  by  poor  quality  of  received  traveler  data  high  volume  of  travelers  &amp;  asymptomatic  transmission.  Read  more  about  lessons  learned  in  this  
For  the  past  6months  residents  have  been  supporting  the  response  in  This  includes  supporting  operations  at  sample  collection  sites  by  keeping  records  of  commodities  and  ensuring  daily  decontamination  of  the  sites  across  various  LGAs  
The  continuing  good  news  is  that  daily  reported  deaths  continue  to  fall:  Only  656  today.  The  7-day  average  held  steady  under  1000.  
This  meme  of  Kevin  Hart  and  Keanu  Reeves  is  False.  Its  not  a  "class  4  felony"  to  carry  a  firearm  while  wearing  a  face  mask  to  prevent  the  spread  of  COVID-19.  
Yesterday  we  honoured  an  invite  by  H.E  to  commission  the  Molecular  Diagnostic  Laboratory  at  the  Gombe  State  Specialist  Hospital.  This  will  enhance  the  prompt  detection  of  and  other  infectious  diseases  in  the  state.  
According  to  the  new  guidelines  there  will  be  no  restriction  on  Inter-State  and  Intra-State  movement.  Via  
A  key  feature  of  the  outbreak  is  it  can  spread  before  you  even  have  symptoms  or  feel  sick  so  it  is  quite  contag
A  Facebook  post  claims  that  Prime  Minister  Jacinda  Ardern  declared  New  Zealand  COVID-19  free  during  a  visit  to  a  Hindu  temple  in  Auckland  on  August  6.
Average  daily  tests  conducted  (week  wise)  are  demonstrating  a  consistent  increase.  More  than  11  lakh  tests  conducted  on  3rd
A  girl  child  who  was  just  born  in  a  village  in  the  state  of  Rajasthan  said  immediately  after  the  birth  that  to  contain  the  coronavirus  outbreak  in  India  every  person  in  the  country  should  apply  turmeric  paste  on  the  toenail  on  their  right  foot.  The  baby  died  after  saying  this.
As  per  WHOs  Protocol  and  Procedure  of  Lockdown  Periodslockdown  will  be  relaxed  from  April  15-19  and  will  be  re-imposed  from  April  20  in  India.
has  an  infection  rate  at  a  low  0.79  meaning  each  person  in  Vermont  with  COVID  is  infecting  0.79  other  people.  Because  each  person  is  infecting  less  than  one  other  person  the  total  number  of  current  cases  in  Vermont  is  shrinking.  
One  revealing  cut  of  the  data  is  the  ratio  of  deaths  to  confirmed  cases.  This  generates  a  list  that's  a  mix  of  known  hot  spots  and  those  that  are  still  flying  under  the  radar.  MI  KY  OK  WA  NY  IN  KS  MN  WI  OH
Important  to  recognize  that  were  seeing  transmission  in  rural  areas.  Do  your  part  to  slow  the  spread:  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Weve  now  tracked  6.6  million  tests  up  ~321k  from  yesterday  a  new  single-day  record.  Note  that  we  can  only  track  tests  that  a  state  reports.  For  details  see:  
A  large  study  across  hundreds  of  hospitals  from  shows  that  treatment  with  hydroxychloroquine  did  not  result  in  any  improvements  of  COVID  patients.  Read  the  full  study  here:  
Has  an  Indian  scientist  already  created  a  vaccine?  This  message  in  claims  so.  We  do  a  on  the  same.  
One  last  thing  to  look  at.  Here's  your  bottom  10  states  in  testing  intensity  with  the  leader  in  testing  New  York  for  scale.  If  your  state  is  on  this  list  it  may  be  that  your  situation  is  relatively  less  severe  and/or  that  you  don't  know  how  bad  the  outbreak  is  yet.  
Claims  made  in  the  viral  video  Plandemic  include
BREAKING:  The  UK  has  recorded  another  3105  cases  of  today  compared  with  2621  yesterday.  Read  more:  
Because  this  respiratory  disease  passes  relatively  easily  between  people  when  this  outbreak  started  there  was  an  urgent  need  to  get  advice  information  training  and  equipment  to  frontline  workers-
Plandemia:  This  video  claims  that  the  coronavirus  was  created  in  a  laboratory  and  that  it  is  a  plan  to  reduce  the  population  where  vaccines  and  abortion  are  involved  among  many  other  claims.
Says  he  was  the  first  person  to  call  for  invoking  the  Defense  Production  Act.
First  volunteer  in  UK  coronavirus  vaccine  trial  has  died
In  January  within  two  weeks  of  the  first  cases  being  reported  to  WHO  we  published  the  first  protocol  for  PCR  testing  for  the  new  Since  then  millions  of  tests  have  been  produced  and  already  rapid  tests  are  now  starting  to  be  used-
India  sets  a  new  record  of  664949  tests  in  last  24  hours.  
Chinese  intelligence  officer  reveals  coronavirus  is  a  bioweapon.
There  are  some  complex  changes  in  reporting  by  the  state  of  Missouri.  We're  doublechecking  our  numbers  there.  Standby.
CDC  recommends  that  travelers  avoid  travel  to  countries  with  a  level  3  travel  health  notice  and  reconsider  ship  travel  to  or  within  Asia  at  this  time.  More  travel  FAQs:  
India's  Recoveries  have  witnessed  a  steep  exponential  rise  -  from  50000  in  May  to  over  36  lakh  in  Sept.  A  high  level  of  more  than  70000  Recoveries  reported  every  day.  Recoveries  are  nearly  3.8  times  the  Active  Cases  (under  1/4  total  cases).  
Nobel  Prize  in  Medicine  Tasuku  Honjo  say  that  the  new  coronavirus  was  made  in  China.
Michigan  Gov.  Gretchen  Whitmer  has  just  been  stripped  of  her  emergency  coronavirus  powers  by  her  state  legislature.
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Weve  now  tracked  29.2  million  tests  up  640k  from  yesterday  by  far  the  biggest  testing  day  yet.  States  had  never  reported  more  than  594k  daily  tests.  For  details  see:  
The  states  reported  more  than  26000  newly  discovered  cases  today.  The  base  of  tests  was  quite  large  though  so  the  positive  rate  was  ~7%.  
COVID-19  Update  There  are  no  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  New  Zealand  today.  It  has  been  91  days  since  the  last  case  of  COVID-19  was  acquired  locally  from  an  unknown  source.
UPDATE:  low-  &amp;  middle-income  countries  Vulnerable  &amp;  disadvantaged  populations  at  greater  risk  from  Associated  factors:  household  age  structure  food  security  displaced  populations  &amp;  domestic  violence  Report  
Clownvirus  pandemic:  Political  correctness  spreads,  infected  SJWs  attack,  zombie  apocalypse
Whenever  any  cases  of  COVID-19  are  found  at  our  managed  isolation  facilities  and  its  assessed  that  there  may  have  been  close  contacts  at  the  airport  CCTV  footage  is  reviewed.  Since  16  June  there  has  been  no  testing  of  airport  staff  as  part  of  our  contact  tracing  process.
Acc  to  and  are  74.30%  and  1.89%  respectively  as  on  21st  August  2020  (till  6PM).  
Daily  newly  reported  cases  appear  to  be  on  a  new  slightly  lower  plateau  around  ~22k  cases  per  day.  A  reminder:  the  case  reporting  is  probablylagging  new  infections  by  a  week  or  so.  
601  new  cases  of  Lagos-404  FCT-37  Oyo-19  Ondo-14  Abia-13  Enugu-13  Kaduna-13  Edo-12  Kano-12  Kwara-11  Ebonyi-10  Nasarawa-7  Ogun-6  Osun-5  Delta-5  Niger-5  Plateau-4  Bayelsa-4  Katsina-3  Ekiti-2  Imo-2  51905  confirmed  38767  discharged  997  deaths  
1.  "personal  capacity"  meaning  they  won't  rish  their  profesion  to  speak  out.  is  an  antibiotic  which  doesn't  kill  a  virus.  3  chloroquine  has  no  evidence,  is  toxic  and  kills  more  than  covid.  I  take  it  trust  me  its  not  good
Populous  states  can  generate  large  case  counts  but  if  you  look  at  the  new  cases  per  million  today  9  smaller  states  are  showing  more  cases  per  million  than  California  or  Texas:  AL  AR  ID  KS  KY  LA  MS  NV  and  SC.  
As  of  today  of  patients  is  35.8%.  
Latest  update  from  There  is  1  new  confirmed  case  of  COVID-19  in  New  Zealand.  He  is  in  one  of  the  quarantine  facilities  in  Auckland.  This  is  a  case  at  the  border.  We  will  continue  to  get  cases  at  the  border  while  there  is  still  a  pandemic  overseas.  
New  nipah  virus  is  deadlier  than  COVID-19  according  to  WHO.
India's  recovery  rate  improves  to  78.28%  as  on  September  15  2020  Steady  improvement  in  India's  COVID-19  recovery  rate  since  initiation  on  March  25  2020  Via  
Another  person  who  has  tested  positive  is  an  employee  of  Finance  Now.  This  is  the  workplace  of  the  first  case  we  reported.  This  person  has  been  admitted  to  the  North  Shore  Hospital  overnight  and  has  now  been  discharged.
Vaccines  to  cure  COVID-19  are  ready.
However  latest  CDC  report  also  indicates  that  illnesses  are  on  the  rise  in  the  Midwest  Central  and  Mountain  regions  of  the  country.  Learn  more:  
Lately  with  protests  continuing  to  flare  nightly  in  Portland  PolitiFact  has  been  seeing  lots  of  claims  that  Black  Lives  Matter  protests  are  antifa  anarchists  COVID-19  spreaders  and  now  Marxist.
If  youve  fully  recovered  from  you  may  be  able  to  donate  plasma  to  help  others.  You  must  have  complete  resolution  of
Says  the  New  York  Times  exposed  the  real  reason  behind  coronavirus  hype  Crash  the  market  to  harm  Trumps  re-election  chances.
This  is  the  moment  Asia  correspondent  was  tested  for  in  China  -  and  he  received  the  results  in  30  minutes.  The  Chinese  company  behind  the  test  says  this  shows  that  Boris  Johnson's  moonshot  testing  programme  "can  be  done".  More  here:  
Increasing  gap  between  Recovered  &amp;  Active  cases  of  India  (May  04  2020  to  September  09  2020)
WHO  changed  its  directives
Heres  some  sensational,  unconfirmed  stories  about  coronavirus  because  we  really  need  the  website  traffic  
184  new  cases  of  51-Lagos  23-Jigawa  16-Bauchi  16-Katsina  14-Kano  10-FCT  10-Rivers  9-Kwara  5-Delta  5-Kaduna  4-Sokoto  4-Oyo  3-Kebbi  3-Nasarawa  3-Osun  2-Ondo  1-Ebonyi  1-Edo  1-Enugu  1-Anambra  1-Plateau  1-Niger  4971  cases  of  in  Nigeria  Discharged:  1070  Deaths:  164  
NZ  COVID  Tracer  has  now  recorded  621000  registered  users.  There  have  been  81048  posters  created  to  date.  The  Ministry  continues  to  remind  New  Zealanders  to  keep  a  record  of  where  they've  been  as  this  remains  one  of  the  best  tools  in  the  continued  fight  against  COVID-19.
At  midnight  tonight  Monday  8th  June  New  Zealand  will  shift  to  Alert  Level  1.  At  Alert  Level  1  everyone  can  return  without  restriction  to  work  school  sports  and  domestic  travel  and  you  can  get  together  with  as  many  people  as  you  want.  
Post-Covid,  situation  of  Azithromycin  will  be  like  some  old  outdated  antibiotics  (Erythromycin,  Coteimoxazole)  
Wondering  how  you  can  do  your  daily  activities  safely  while  protecting  yourself  and  your  loved  ones  from  To  help  you  determine  your  level  of  risk  answer  these  questions  about  Deciding  to  Go  Out:"  
Today  we  have  recorded  97%  of  all  confirmed  and  probable  cases  as  having  recovered  from  COVID-19  an  increase  of  three  on  yesterday  for  a  total  of  1455.  There  are  no  additional  deaths  to  report.
If  you  are  licensed  to  carry  a  concealed  weapon,  wearing  a  face  covering  for  coronavirus  "removes  your  conceal  carry  ability."
Philippines  had  no  SARS  case  in  2003  because  of  prompt  travel  ban,  but  highest  Covid-19  cases  in  Asia  in  2020  because  of  late  ban
Non-vegetarian  food  (meat)  consumption  can  lead  to  infection
The  WHO  has  issued  an  alert  against  buying  holy  colors  from  China
Globally  there  are  now  more  than  22  million  reported  cases  of  &amp;  780000  deaths-
Glenmarks  FabiFlu(Favipiravir)  yields  positive  data  in  Phase  III  Covid-19  trialbroad  spectrum  antiviral  medication  known  to  selectively  block  RNA-dependent  RNA  polymerase  (RdRp)  and  SARS-CoV-2  viral  replication  phase  on  day  1  than  1600mg  for  14  days
ICYMI:  Coronavirus  gives  your  weekend  safety  briefing  
Expert  in  outbreak  medicine  and  SAGE  adviser  Prof  Calum  Semple  says  it's  a  "very  positive  move"  for  the  government  to  adopt  the  'stay  at  home  if  you  can'  message  and  adds  the  Eat  Out  to  Help  Out  scheme  was  "bordering  on  experimental".  
The  Brazilian  state  of  Cearhad  more  deaths  from  respiratory  diseases  in  2019  and  2018  than  in  2020.
Hi!  Test  positivity  is  the  %  of  COVID  testing  that  comes  back  positive  not  the  total  of  positive  tests.  If  a  state  or  county  has  a  high  test  positivity  rate  it  is  a  sign  of  insufficient  testing  in  that  area.  Please  let  us  know  if  you  have  any  more  ?'s.  
In  order  to  be  able  to  secure  enough  doses  to  rollout  the  vaccines  the  next  step  for  the  partnership  is  for  countries  to  make  binding  commitments  in  support  of  the  COVAX  Facility.-
Gates  Foundation  planting  microchips  during  COVID19  swab  testing.
Update  for  our  data  users  -  we  continued  to  implement  changes  to  our  original  totalTestResults  API  field  resulting  in  a  ~600k  cumulative  test  increase  since  March.  We  updated  test  totals  for  14  states:  AK  AL  AR  AS  CA  DC  GA  ID  KY  MN  NH  SD  VA  and  WA.
is  a  wildfire  not  a  wave  and  it's  going  to  burn  well  into  the  winter.  via  
AOC  self-quarantined  after  coronavirus-induced  brain  farts  shut  down  Congress  
Wayne  County  is  Michigans  most  populous  county.  Its  data  for  August  5  shows  13%  of  the  states  deaths  among  Black  people  came  from  Wayne  County.  But  the  countys  data  excludes  Detroit  which  represents  38%  of  the  countys  population.
Claim  that  the  Jordanian  Health  minister  says  COVID-19  is  a  conspiracy  in  a  video.
Israel  has  found  a  cure  and  a  vaccine  for  coronavirus.
The  water  in  Botafogo's  beach  in  Rio  de  Janeiro  Brazil  is  clear  and  clean  because  of  quarantine.
Wisconsin  Governor  Tony  Evers  is  pushing  firearm  confiscation  orders."
Suicidal  Man  Seeks  Covid-19  Infection  
The  greatest  risk  for  infection  is  among  those  who  are  in  close  contact  with  people  who  have  COVID-19.  This  includes  family  members  and  healthcare  workers  who  care  for  people  who  are  infected.  
BREAKING:  Ronan  Keating  announces  hes  banning  audiences  doing  their  traditional  LovinEach  Daymosh  at  all  forthcoming  shows  due  to  coronavirus  
Andaman  &amp;  Nicobar  Administration  alert  to  the  safety  of  its  tribes  especially  Particularly  Vulnerable  Tribal  Groups  (PVTGs)  against  Details:  
BREAKING:  Angry  mob  in  Portsmouth  beats  up  coronary  care  specialist  after  confusing  him  for  coronavirus  
Israeli  doctors  say  it  is  dangerous  to  wear  masks  outside.
The  first  of  the  clinical  trial  to  be  rolled  out  is  a  multiple  arm  phase  3  study  that  will  be  conducted  in  adult  patients  with  mild  to  moderate  at  risk  of  complications.  
The  liquid  squeezed  from  or  a  tea  brewed  of  Siam  weed  or  Chromolaena  odorata  is  the  cure  for  the  novel  coronavirus  according  to  Nigerian  prophetess  Dupe  Oluwaniyi.
Garlic  onions  and  other  traditional  medicine  recipes  are  treatments  against  the  new  coronavirus.
I  am  calling  on  every  CEO  in  America  to  publicly  commit  now  to  not  buying  back  their  company's  stock  over  the  course  of  the  next  year.  As  workers  face  the  physical  and  economic  consequences  of  the  coronavirus,  our  corporate  leaders  cannot  cede  responsibility  for  their  employees.
Keep  key  times  in  mind  for  when  to  wear  a  cloth  face  cover  to  of  and  remember  to  practice  other  protective  measures  like  social  distancing  and  washing  your  hands.  Learn  more:  
James  Franco  said,  "Coronavirus  kills  3,000  people  and  we  lose  our  shit.  Obesity  kills  ~300,000  people  annually  and  we  come  out  with  a  new  flavor  of  Doritos."
An  image  of  a  doctor  goes  viral  with  the  claim  that  Dr.  Usman  Riyaz  died  while  treating  coronavirus  patients  in  Delhi,  India.
I'm  Putting  The  Little  Bastards  Up  For  Adoption:  Read  Some  Of  Ireland's  Heartwarming  Covid-19  Stories  
Wondering  how  you  can  help  keep  your  friends  healthy  this  summer?  Stay  safe  from  Wash  your  hands  stay  6  feet  apart  and  Learn  more  about  how  you  and  your  friends  can  help  protect  each  other:  
A  post  that  says  the  COVID-19  does  not  exist  the  pandemic  is  a  fraud  and  that  PCR  tests  cannot  find  the  virus
Wash  your  paws  -  Washing  your  paws  is  recommended  by  Dr  Fucini  for  getting  rid  of  COVID-19  at  PETA's  request.
Should  work,  as  all  doctors  say  that  inhalation  of  steam  from  boiling  water  is  the  best  preventive  against  any  virus  that  affects  our  respiratory  system.  It  is  recommended  that  one  should  inhale  it  from  the  mouth  &amp;  nose  for  a  few  minutes  each  to  to  be  effective
A  case  of  coronavirus  in  the  Argentine  province  of  Santiago  del  Estero  was  confirmed.
shopping  carts  contain  more  germs  than  toilet  handles?    Here's  where  germs  lurk  in  grocery  stores.  
Sheep  Object  to  Being  Lumped  in  with  Blindly-Following  Americans  
Acc  to  testing  strategy  direct  and  high-risk  contacts  of  a  confirmed  case  are  to  be  tested  once  between  day  5-10  of  coming  into  contact:  Kindly  reach  out  to  the  Medical  Team  /  District  Surveillance  Officer  for  further  testing.  
COVID-19  Update  There  are  4  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  New  Zealand  today.  2  are  imported  cases  detected  in  MIQ  facilities.  The  first  is  a  male  child  and  the  second  is  a  woman  in  her  20s.
Posts  and  videos  on  Facebook  say  drinking  or  inhaling  seawater  prevents  COVID-19.
The  latest  CDC  report  shows  that  since  the  beginning  of  August  weekly  hospitalization  rates  for  all  adult  age  groups  have  declined.  Hospitalization  rates  among  children  have  remained  steady  during  the  same  period.  Learn  more:  
The  two  people  in  Tokoroa  who  have  tested  positive  for  COVID-19  are  being  moved  to  the  quarantine  facility  in  Auckland.  Their  families  and  close  contacts  are  in  self  isolation  and  all  have  returned  negative  tests.
It  is  now  22  days  since  the  last  new  case  of  COVID-19  was  reported  in  New  Zealand  and  there  are  no  active  cases  to  report
Putin  has  stated  :  Russian  citizens  has  2  options  :  Stay  home  for  15  days  or  in  Jail  for  5  years
CountinFlowers  On  The  Wall  -  NothinTo  Do  But  Die  Of  Boredom  
Are  Victoria's  recent  outbreaks  related  to  the  Black  Lives  Matter  protests?  
Finally  in  terms  of  the  other  cases  reported  in  the  last  few  days  appropriate  follow  up  is  underway  including  making  sure  anyone  who  was  on  the  flight  or  in  the  same  isolation  facility  has  been  tested.  They  will  all  be  captured  by  our  Day  3  and  Day  12  routine  testing.
Six  coronavirus  cases  confirmed  in  Wichita  Kansas.
A  video  of  young  adults  singing  the  Indian  national  anthem  has  been  shared  on  Facebook  and  Twitter  during  the  COVID-19  pandemic  alongside  claims  that  it  shows  American  students  performing  to  thank  India  for  supplying  the  US  with  hydroxychloroquine  a  malaria  drug  that  has  been  involved  in  clinical  trials  for  potential  COVID-19  treatment.
Today  NCDC  was  part  of  the  press  briefing  by  the  Presidential  Task  Force  on  Coronavirus  convened  by  to  provide  updates  on  As  at  today  174  confirmed  cases  of  have  been  confirmed  in  with  9  discharged  cases  and  2  deaths  
At  this  Critical  Scenario  We  need  full  fledged  25  teams  of  100  lab  technicians  under  2  MicroBiologists  (for  Virtual  Administration)  needed.  Train  All  Graduate  teachers  of  KA  to  test  COVID  19  Samples  We  can  do  this  ..
Coronavirus  Cancels  Billions  of  Man-Hours  of  Pointless  Military  Bullshit  
DIFFICULT  BUT,  NOT    IMPOSSIBLE  21  days  lockdown  
Notre  Dame  University  Has  Traced  the  Source  That  Infected  40  Players  with  The  Coronavirus  
Video  of  dead  bodies  being  thrown  into  a  mass  grave  in  Italy.
Brazils  crisis  is  out  of  control.  
At  the  peak  in  New  York  on  April  15  that  state  hit  595  cases  per  million.  Arizona  (580)  andLouisiana  (568)  approached  that  number  today.  
66%  of  coronavirus  deaths  in  France  are  from  care  facilities.
The  latest  CDC  report  shows  the  percentage  of  visits  to  doctors  offices  and  ERs  for  illnesses  with  symptoms  likely  related  to  are  declining  nationally  thanks  in  part  a  result  of  widespread  efforts  to  slow  the  spread  of  
Increasing  number  of  testing  labs  in  India  
Still  300k  tests  is  a  huge  number.  We  know  some  of  the  increase  is  due  to  reporting  changes  as  in  California.  But  it  does  seem  like  there  has  been  a  substantial  change  over  the  last  several  days  in  the  testing  capacity  of  the  United  States.
New  report  from  describes  factors  associated  with  use  of  cloth  face  coverings  and  higher  rates  of  use  in  May  compared  to  April.  Wearing  cloth  face  coverings  continues  to  be  recommended  to  help  slow  the  spread  of  Read  more:  
CDC  works  diligently  to  fight  respiratory  illness  on  the  frontlines  including  both  and  Learn  more  about  our  g
Nostradamus  wrote  in  the  year  1551  that  There  will  be  a  twin  year  (  2020  )  from    which  will  arise  a  Queen  (  CORONA  )  who  will  come  from  the  east  (  CHINA  )  and  who  will  spread  a  plaque  (  VIRUS  )  in  the  darkness  of  night,  on  a  country  with  7  hills  (  ITALLY  )  and  will  transform  the  twilight  of  men    into  dust  (  DEATH  ),  to  destroy  and  ruin  the  world,  it  will  be  the  end    of  the  world  economy  as  you  know  it.  -  Nostradamus
The  late  April  data  seems  to  show  testing  capacity  in  the  U.S.  somewhere  close  to  ~200k  tests  per  day  or  roughly  1.4  million  tests  a  week.  Thus  far  we  have  not  seen  any  state  systematically  report  antibody  testing.
What  might  happen  to  those  who  become  long-term  unemployed  due  to  Previous  experience  shows  that  if  you're  out  of  work  for  more  than  1  yr  it's  a  fair  call  to  say  it  reduces  your  chance  of  finding  work  again  by  40%:  
There  is  one  additional  recovered  case.  The  total  of  recovered  cases  is  now  1462  and  there  are  just  21  remaining  active  cases  of  COVID-19.  There  are  no  additional  deaths  and  there  is  nobody  in  hospital  with  COVID-19  following  the  discharge  of  a  person  from  Middlemore  hospital.
US  carriers  catching  fire  magickly  Chinese  gunsupplies  cached  in  US  CN  testing  TW  waters  and  airspace  rioting  in  the  US  suddenly  just  in  right  time  doctor  dieing  after  confirming  Corona  is  a  chinese  bioweapon  makes  you  think
U.S.  President  Donald  Trump  tweeted  that  Barack  Obama  "had  8  years  to  prepair  the  next  president  for  a  pandemic  and  he  failed."
Indian  Armed  Forces  salute  the  Together  we  can  fight  the  
Newly  Updated:  The  practice  essentials  of  COVID-19.  
Take  steps  to  keep  your  friends  and  family  safe  when  visiting  those  at  higher  risk  for  severe  illness  from  Learn
Correctional  facilities  present  unique  challenges  to  slowing  spread  of  As  of  April  28  a  total  of  420  correctional  facilities  reported  4893  COVID-19  cases  among  detained  or  incarcerated  people  &amp;  2778  cases  among  facility  staff.  More  
Covid-19  Appointed  Housing  Minister  After  Freezing  Rents,  Evictions  &amp;  Securing  Beds  For  Homeless  
CDCs  guidelines  to  combat  the  spread  of  including  social  distancing  and  discouraging  of  gatherings  of  10  or  mor
Meme  shows  Florida  Surgeon  General  saying:  Everyone  should  STOP  wearing  masks  as  they  have  now  been  found  to  be  harmful  to  your  health.
States  reported  ~27.5k  new  cases.  This  is  the  second-highest  number  we've  seen  on  a  Sunday  topped  only  by  April  12  at  ~27.9k.  Note:  we're  missing  Georgia  which  reported  1800  cases  yesterday  but  had  reporting  trouble  today.  
Evangelicals  who  packed  churches  during  a  pandemic  can  fck  right  off,  says  The  Christ  Arisen.
As  many  as  1130  deaths  have  been  registered  in  the  past  24  hours.  10  States/UTs  account  for  86%  of  the  deaths  in  the  last  24  hours  due  to  COVID.  Details  :  
There  is  continuous  rise  in  the  Tests  per  million  per  day:  Secretary  
We  fact-checked  this  false  comparison  of  daily  coronavirus  deaths  with  other  diseases  and  included  our  own  graph  comparing  the  international  coronavirus  death  counts  for  two  different  days.  
A  WhatsApp  forward  claims  that  the  COVID-19  vaccine  is  ready  was  announced  by  U.S.  President  Donald  Trump  and  will  be  launched  next  Sunday.  It  also  claims  that  the  vaccine  discovered  by  the  U.S.  scientists  can  cure  a  COVID-19  infected  patient  within  3  hours.  With  the  WhatsApp  forward  the  alleged  image  of  the  vaccine  is  also  being  shared.
India  occupies  the  top  position  in  the  world  in  terms  of  Total  Recoveries.  More  than  43  lakh  have  rec
UPDATES  on  India  sees  an  unprecedented  surge  in  Recoveries  Nearly  75000  recoveries  in  last  24  hours  Total  number  of  Recovered  Cases  nearly  34  lakh  
Last  week  I  sent  a  to  all  Member  States  requesting  them  to  join  the  vaccine  arm  of  the  ACT-Accelerator.  As  of  today  172  countries  are  now  engaging  w/  the  COVAX  Global  Vaccines  Facility  which  has  both  the  largest  &amp;  most  diverse  vaccine  portfolio  in  the-
Coronavirus  cases  around  the  world  have  crossed  the  10  million  mark  and  total  casualties  is  nearing  half  a  million.  Assam  Government  has  imposed  a  14-day  complete  lockdown  in  Guwahati.  
COVID-19  does  not  affect  children.  Children  cannot  infect  other  people  either.
Coronavirus:  Taj  Mahal  reopens  -  despite  India  recording  87000  new  COVID  cases  in  a  single  day  
Over  half  of  households  had  additional  infections  after  COVID-19  was  introduced  by  a  household  member  finds  a  CDC  study.  Learn  more:  
Last  5  lakh  recoveries  have  been  recorded  in  only  8  days  in  comparison  to  preceding  5  lakh  recoveries
Herd  Immunity  Strategy  is  Unethical  and  Unlikely  to  be  Successful  in  the  UK,  warn  scientists,  as  Long  Covid  Sufferers  call  for  more  recognition  
Theres  been  a  lot  of  discussions  about  deaths  continuing  to  trend  down  as  cases  have  surged.  This  chart  provides  a  partial  answer  to  whats  been  happening.  The  falling  numbers  in  the  NE  were  offsetting  rising  deaths  in  AZ  TX  FL.  
Personally,  I  take  colloidal  silver.  I'm  a  little  blue,  but  I  don't  have  COVID.  I  wonder  why  the  government  &amp;  Bill  Gates  doesn't  want  you  to  know  about  it?  
Health  officials  advise  everyone  to  follow  random  Facebook  profile  for  all  of  your  coronavirus  information  
States  reported  ~23.5k  new  cases  today.  The  7-day  average  bottomed  on  5/29  and  is  now  pushing  back  towards  22k.  The  positive  rate  has  been  pretty  steady  the  last  two  weeks  at  between  4-6.5%.  
Changes  in  food  availability  in  some  communities  due  to  the  pandemic  may  limit  availability  of  fresh  Find
Amid  COVID-19  pandemic  MP  government  ordered  houses  locked  from  April  1  2020.
Few  states  reported  race  and  ethnicity  data  at  the  beginning  of  April.  But  public  health  officials  and  governors  realized  the  value  of  this  info  and  took  action  to  release  more  data  as  you  can  see  here:  We  are  all  better  informed  by  their  work.
Today  4  new  cases  of  were  confirmed  in  Nigeria;  a  total  of  12  confirmed  cases  in  Nigeria  We  urge  Nigerians  to  remain  calm.  Please  adhere  to  recommendations  by  health  authorities  including  handwashing  self  isolation  for  returning  travelers  and  others  
People  are  panicked  about  a  COVID-19  case  at  the  Dakar  Airport.
Increasing  number  of  testing  labs  in  India
If  you  MUST  gather  to  worship  in  the  MOSQUE  today  take  PREVENTIVE  MEASURES  to  PROTECT  yourself  &amp;  loved  ones.  Remember  you  can  come  in  contact  with  infected  people  with  no  symptoms  in  the  mosque.  Wear  a  face  mask  &amp;  don't  share  personal  items.  
Indias  60%  Daily  New  Recoveries  come  from  5  States.  Total  number  of  Recovered  Cases  nearly  35.5  lakh.  
Chronic  fatigue  may  be  long-term  effect  of  even  among  young  adults.  via  
$100B  contact  tracing  bill  is  about  controlling/tracking  population,  not  about  coronavirus.
India  tests  more  than  9  lakh  samples  each  day  two  days  in  a  row.  Total  tests  near  a  new  peak  of  4  crore.  More  than  1  crore  tested  in  past  2  weeks.  
Thrombosis  is  the  leading  cause  of  COVID-19  deaths
is  the  first  pandemic  caused  by  a  new  coronavirus.  In  the  past  pandemics  of  respiratory  disease  have  progressed  in  phases.  The  U.S.  is  in  the  acceleration  phase  of  the  pandemic.  There  are  ongoing  investigations  to  learn  more.  See:  
Man  Has  Really  Let  Himself  Go  
"Tens  of  thousands  of  Oregonians  have  been  driven  from  their  homes.  Hundreds  will  find  those  homes  gone  when  they  return."  US  correspondent  eyewitness  piece  on  the  US  wildfires  
The  President  of  Ghana  revealed  that  the  coronavirus  was  created  in  a  laboratory.
A  video  of  a  woman  reciting  Sanskrit  verses  has  been  viewed  thousands  of  times  on  Facebook  and  Twitter  alongside  a  claim  that  she  was  delivering  sacred  verses  on  a  Spanish  radio  station  during  the  novel  coronavirus  pandemic.
NEWS!  Glaswegian  scientists  discover  key  way  of  fighting  Coronavirus  is  to  kick  its  fckincnt  in
Protect  yourself  from  Call-in  prescriptions  ahead  of  time  and  use  drive-thru  windows  curbside  services  mail-or
NEW  PUBLICATION  Malaria  deaths  could  double  in  2020  due  to  779000  deaths  if  nets  not  deployed  &amp;  case-management  is  reduced  Presumptively  treating  children  with  fever  for  could  save  up  to  178000  lives  
Measures  put  in  place  as  part  of  the  ease  of  lockdown  include  opening  of:  Neighborhood  markets  on  MON  WEDS  SAT  8am  -  3pm  Banks  &amp;  corporate  offices  from  8am  -  2pm  Government  offices  on  MON  WEDS  FRI  8am  -  2pm  CLOSED:  Schools  mosques  churches  bars  clubs  &amp;  gardens  
False  positives  putting  Thane  citizens  at  risk
State-wise  details  of  Total  Confirmed  cases  (till  15  September  2020  8  AM)  States  with  1-15000  confirmed  cases  States  with  15001-112000  confirmed  cases  States  with  112000+  confirmed  cases  Total  no.  of  confirmed  cases  so  far  
Ghana  Education  Service  confirms  date  schools  in  Ghana  will  reopen.
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Weve  now  tracked  8.1  million  tests  up  318k  from  yesterday  a  new  one-day  high.  Note  that  we  can  only  track  tests  that  a  state  reports.  For  details  see:  
As  India  records  over  19000  positive  cases  the  total  confirmed  case  count  crosses  six  lakh  in  the  country.  More  than  half  of  them  have  recovered.  Delhi  CM  Arvind  Kejriwal  launches  plasma  bank  in  the  capital  through  videoconferencing  today.  
Chinese  court  gave  permission  to  kill  20000  patients  infected  with  coronavirus.
On  video  an  unidentified  woman  warns  Africans  not  to  accept  vaccines  from  China  claiming  that  the  Chinese  government  wants  to  kill  the  African  populationwith  fake  vaccines.  She  says  that  seven  children  died  in  Senegal  after  being  given  the  fake  vaccine  from  China.
We  added  Guam  the  Northern  Mariana  Islands  Puerto  Rico  Samoa  and  the  US  Virgin  Islands  today  too.
Now  is  the  time  for  us  all  to  summon  the  discipline  and  the  resolve  and  the  spirit  of  togetherness  that  will  carry  us  through  The  PM  says  "the  fight  against  COVID  is  by  no  means  over"  but  adds  "I  have  no  doubt  however  that  there  are  great  days  ahead"  
Fauci  called  the  launches  importanttesting  patients  both  in  and  out  of  the  hospital.  
High  levels  of  testing  sustained  over  a  period  of  time  in  widespread  areas  enable  to  diagnose  cases  early  and  facilitate  seamless  isolation  and  hospitalisation.  This  eventually  leads  to  low  mortality  rate.
Says  a  photo  shows  the  "SAME  EXACT  PEOPLE"  at  "two  different  beaches"  in  Los  Angeles  County  and  Jacksonville,  Fla.
Claim  that  COVID-19  has  been  around  for  a  long  time  with  a  photo  of  an  animal  vaccine  labeled  "coronavirus."
For  more  information  on  what  CDC  is  doing  to  partner  with  tribal  communities  to  respond  to  COVID-19  visit:  
Unless  we  become  as  aggressive  in  fighting  casteism  as  we  are  against  Corona,  we  are  doomed.  
As  of  today  were  still  not  sure  how  much  the  new  HHS  guidelines  for  hospital  data  reporting  will  affect  the  data  states  report.  So  far  it  looks  like  two  states  Idaho  and  Missouri  have  run  into  trouble.  Heres  what  the  MO  Hospital  Assoc.  had  to  say:  
WHO  calls  for  isolation  of  China  due  to  the  coronavirus.
Claim  that  Bill  Gates  said  that  coronavirus  vaccine  will  kill  or  harm  700  000  people.
All  over  the  are  fighting  day  and  night  to  keep  us  safe  from  the  Take  a  minute  today  to  say:  
Italy's  Ministry  of  Health  has  discovered  that  COVID-19  deaths  are  caused  by  a  bacteria  not  by  the  novel  coronavirus.
Have  deleted  the  video  as  someone  updated  that  the  case  was  investigated  by  local  Police  &amp;  this  guy  is  unwell  for  last  few  years.  He  was  later  taken  to  Indus  Hospital  &amp;  his  Corona  test  came  negative.  Though  the  way  that  person  was  left  unattended  at  footpath  was  really  painful.
KOWHEORI-19  (COVID-19)  Update  There  are  no  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  New  Zealand  today.
Coronavirus:  Bus  passenger  uses  snake  as  a  face  mask  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  States  reported  769k  tests  64k  new  cases  and  523  deaths.  Hospitalizations  fell  a  little  but  theres  a  major  caveat  there:  The  decline  is  due  to  strange  data  from  Alabama.  
Vitamin  Ds  role  in  unclear  but  global  societies  emphasize  importance  for  musculoskeletal  health.  
A  video  of  a  news  report  claiming  WhatsApp  is  going  to  be  suspended  in  Brazil.  On  the  caption  it  is  stated  that  the  suspension  is  going  to  take  place  because  of  misinformation  regarding  COVID-19.
Most  people  with  experience  mild  illness  and  recover.  Protect  yourself  by  handwashing  avoiding  contact  with  sick  people  and  other  practices  in  our  public  health  advisory:  
Jamal  Khashoggi  Died  From  Coronavirus  -  Saudi  Arabia  
A  video  shows  bats  the  main  source  of  the  coronavirus  on  many  roofs  in  Hubei  district.
dogs  can  return  to  regular  dog  activities  at  Alert  Level  2  
CDC  Recommends  Mothers  Stop  Breastfeeding  To  Boost  Vaccine  Efficacy
Says  House  Speaker  Nancy  Pelosi  deleted  a  video  of  her  telling  people  to  go  to  Chinatown.
As  of  28  July  2020  7:17PM  a  total  of  2383664  people  have  been  tested  for  in  
The  recent  spike  in  new  cases  in  India  can  be  attributed  to  aggressive  testing  &amp;  tracing  mechanism  employed  by  GoI.  This  spike  in  cases  is  not  worrisome  as  long  as  the  diagnosis  is  done  in  time  &amp;  the  remains  low  with  high  (1/2)  
You  can  help  slow  the  spread  of  Wear  a  cloth  face  covering  wash  your  hands  and  stay  6  feet  away  from  others.  Each  habit  adds  a  layer  of  protection.  
Prince  William  And  Kate  Middleton  Take  Throne  Amid  Coronavirus  Pandemic?  
Reopening  of  places  of  worship  doesn't  mean  that  the  outbreak  has  subsided.  Risk  remains  high  If  you  must  gather  to  worship  in  the  mosque  today  take  preventive  measures  Maintain  a  distance  of  2m  from  the  next  person  Wear  face  a  mask  
Canadas  COVID  alert  app  warns  that  the  virus  is  calling  from  inside  the  house  
Union  Health  Ministry  reiterates  that  the  country  is  not  in  its  community  transmission  stage  of  coronavirus.  At  the  inaugural  event  of  India  Global  Week  2020  PM  Narendra  Modi  invites  the  world  to  invest  in  India  amid  the  ongoing  pandemic.  
States  reported  1192  deaths.  The  7-day  average  went  up  over  1000  for  the  first  time  in  a  week.  
Total  Cases  in  India  (as  on  September  23  2020)  81.25%  Cured/Discharged/Migrated  (4587613)  17.15%  Active  cases  (968377)  1.60%  Deaths  (90020)  Total  COVID-19  confirmed  cases  =  Cured/Discharged/Migrated+Active  cases+Deaths  
Every  day  that  American  elected  officials  wait  the  more  lives  we  will  lose  to  COVID.  Mothers  brothers  sisters  fathers  grandparents  friends  co-workers.  Tell  your  elected  officials  that  these  lives  matter.  Quick  educated  decisions  are  necessary  to  fight  COVID.
Acc  to  the  symptoms  of  are  fever  cough  fatigue  breathing  difficulty  sore  throat  running  nose  loss  of  smell/taste  etc.  For  persistent  headache  you  are  advised  to  consult  a  doctor  in  person/via  for  the  proper  diagnosis  of  your  symptoms.  
6  states  set  new  record  highs  today  including  3  of  the  4  largest  (California  Florida  Texas).  13  states  set  new  highs  in  the  last  5  days.  You  can  see  that  most  of  them  are  in  the  South  (red)  or  West  (orange).  
381  new  cases  of  183-Lagos  55-Kano  44-Jigawa  19-Zamfara  19-Bauchi  11-Katsina  9-Borno  8-Kwara  7-Kaduna  6-Gombe  5-Ogun  4-Sokoto  3-Oyo  3-Rivers  2-Niger  1-Akwa  Ibom  1-Enugu  1-Plateau  3526  cases  of  in  Nigeria  Discharged:  601  Deaths:  107  
Till  date  district  has  reported  502  cases  of  which  237  are  active  cases.  You  may  refer  to  the  following  link  for  details:  
We  really  cant  afford  to  have  people  off  work  because  they  cant  get  access  to  a  test.Chief  executive  of  NHS  Providers  Chris  Hopson  says  issues  with  testing  for  NHS  staff  need  to  be  solved  "quickly".  
Total  Cases  in  India(as  on  August  24  2020)  75.27%  Cured/Discharged/Migrated  (2338035)  22.88%  Active  cases  (710771)  1.85%  Deaths  (57542)  Total  COVID-19  confirmed  cases  =  Cured/Discharged/Migrated+Active  cases+Deaths  Via  
Dont  use  milk  for  tear  gas  and  other  ocular  care  guidance  for  the  pandemic.  
There  are  currently  38  laboratories  in  Nigeria  with  the  capacity  to  test  for  In  progress:  Gombe  &amp;  Ondo  
COVID-19  Update  Today  we  have  1  new  case  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  managed  isolation  facilities  in  New  Zealand.  It  has  now  been  102  days  since  the  last  case  of  COVID-19  was  acquired  locally  from  an  unknown  source.  We  have  22  active  cases  -  all  are  in  quarantine.
Researchers  claim  100  percent  cure  rate  vs.  covid-19  in  100+  patient  trial  conducted  in  Ecuador,  using  intravenous  chlorine  dioxide.
Please  join  CDC  Emergency  Partners  Information  Connection  (EPIC)  today  at  4  pm  ET  for  a  special  webinar  about  reducing  risk  from  while  engaging  daily  life  celebrating  the  Fourth  of  July  participating  in  social  activities  and  returning  to  work.  
American  and  Dutch  mainstream  news  media  used  the  same  photo  of  a  young  boy  as  a  portrait  picture  while  reporting  three  different  corona  victims.  Also  they  used  a  picture  of  a  69  year  old  American  corona  victim  twice:  once  in  an  article  about  his  work  at  the  police  force  and  once  declaring  he  works  for  a  university.  Therefore  the  mainstream  news  media  are  trying  to  mislead  their  readers  about  the  amount  of  people  that  actually  died  from  corona  multiplying  them.
Walmart,  Amazon,  Kroger,  Target  and  Costco  have  not  had  any  reported  (coronavirus)  cases  in  the  news.
Solidarity  is  the  key  ingredient  to  fight  I  am  glad  that  the  European  nations:  France  Germany  Luxembourg  Switzer
People  who  are  recovering  from  might  be  at  a  higher  risk  of  getting  sick  from  smoke.  Know  what  to  do
Only  38%  Pakistanis  can  recall  state  helpline  for  coronavirus:  report".  geo.tv.  Retrieved  April  13,  2020.
Everyone  can  help  prevent  spread  of  Clara  the  Self-Checker  can  help  you  decide  when  to  call  your  doctor  if  you  are  feeling  sick.  Start  using  Clara  here:  
Acc  to  &amp;  there  is  currently  no  evidence  that  can  be  transmitted  by  mosquitoes.  Based  on  available  research  person-to-person  transmission  of  (via  respiratory  droplets)  remains  the  main  source  of  infection.  
The  Auckland  MIQ  cases  are  a  woman  in  her  20s  and  another  in  her  30s  both  of  whom  arrived  from  India  on  August  23.  The  third  MIQ  case  in  Auckland  is  a  woman  in  her  50s  who  arrived  on  August  26  from  Qatar.
Writer  sees  sales  soar  thanks  to  coronavirus  
A  steam  bar  with  inhalers  treats  or  prevents  COVID-19  in  Pune.
When  people  contract  the  virus  they  do  not  show  symptoms  right  away.  Even  as  states  begin  to  reopen  people  will  need  to  quarantine  themselves  if  they  have  been  silently  exposed  to  someone  with  COVID.  How  will  they  know?  Thats  where  contact  tracing  comes  in.
continues  to  affect  people  in  countries  around  the  globe  The  shut-down  of  businesses  schools  &amp;  travel  reminds  us  that  the  pandemic  is  real  Every  new  case  is  motivation  to  &amp;  each  recovery  is  proof  that  we  can  get  through  this  together  
Early  identification  through  aggressive  TESTING  comprehensive  surveillance  &amp;  contact  TRACING  and  focus  on  timely  and  efficient  clinical  TREATMENT  of  patients  have  ensured  high  number  of  speedy  recoveries.  This  has  also  kept  the  Case  Fatality  Rate  low.  
2.  Wisconsin  reported  2.8k  probable  cases  today  from  previous  days.  They  are  also  in  the  API  but  excluded  from  the  charts  presented  here.  As  with  NJ  we  hope  to  be  able  to  properly  assign  those  probable  cases  to  the  right  dates  too  with  the  state's  help.
Slacker  Struggles  to  Pretend  COVID-19  Has  Negatively  Affected  Him  
Yesterday  our  laboratories  processed  4525  tests  for  COVID-19  bringing  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  823154.
To  date  our  system  has  recorded  80  of  those  close  contacts  as  having  returned  a  negative  test  result.  There  have  been  195  casual  contacts  identified  from  the  gym  classes  of  which  91  have  been  tested  and  returned  a  negative  result.
US  surpasses  record  55000  new  cases  of  coronavirus  
Now  as  the  virus  is  spreading  once  more  we  have  had  to  act.Health  secretary  Matt  Hancock  explains  what  local  measures  have  been  taken  to  try  and  stop  the  spread  of  Follow  live  here:  
An  Instagram  post  is  claiming  Covid-19  tests  tainted  with  coronavirus  have  been  in  circulation  for  many  months.
Says  Anthony  Fauci,  Bill  Gates,  George  Soros  and  Jeffrey  Epstein  are  connected  with  Moderna,  Inc.,  and  its  efforts  to  create  the  coronavirus  vaccine.
Coronavirus:  Karaoke  night  linked  to  COVID-19  outbreak  as  pub  customers  told  to  self-isolate  
THIS  VIRUS  HAS  A  CURE:  Doctor  Says  Hydroxychloroquine  Not  Only  Cures  But  Also  Prevents  COVID-19  'This  virus  has  a  cure,  it  is  called  hydroxychloroquine,  zinc,  and  zithromax'.
Says  COVID-19  came  to  the  United  States  in  2019.
List  of  75  districts  which  will  be  under  lockdown  from  today.  These  districts  have  reported  Corona  cases.  Though  Essential  services  will  be  available  in  all  these  75  districts.    List  has  all  seven  districts  of  the  national  capital.  
By  comparing  COVID-19  data  action  in  the  United  States  and  Spain  we  can  estimate  that  the  US  saved  ~43000  lives.  Early  action  saves  lives.  
Facebook  posts  claims  the  Asian  Hong  Kong  swine  and  bird  flus  each  killed  more  people  than  coronavirus.
An  image  of  an  elderly  Italian  man  who  was  asked  to  pay  for  the  ventilator  that  he  used  for  his  recovery.
Yesterday  our  laboratories  completed  2899  tests  of  those  726  were  testing  of  people  in  managed  isolation  and  quarantine  for  the  routine  testing  on  either  days  3  or  12  of  their  stay.  That  brings  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  436233.
The  COVID  Racial  Data  Tracker  lets  you  break  down  the  numbers  by  race  and  ethnicity  which  is  crucial  for  understanding  what's  happening  with  the  pandemic  in  the  US:  
By  drinking  Ayurvedic  decoction,  6  thousand  corona  infected  patients  were  cured.
Doctor  Vandana  Tiwari  who  was  a  part  of  COVID-19  team  was  killed  in  a  violence  at  Uttar  Pradesh.
"Surgical  and  cotton  masks  are  both  ineffective  when  it  comes  to  blocking  droplets  of  the  virus  SARSCoV-2  that  may  be  generated  when  somebody  coughs,  according  to  investigators  with  the  Ulsan  College  of  Medicine,  Seoul,  South  Korea."    
Tasuku  Honjo  Japans  Nobel  prize-winning  immunologist  says  that  the  coronavirus  is  not  natural  did  not  come  from  bats  and  was  manufactured  by  China.
Coronavirus:  UK  reports  highest  daily  COVID-19  cases  since  1  May  
Fatality  rates  among  those  infected  by  COVID-19  range  up  to  0.054%  in  those  aged  70  and  over.
If  you  have  been  around  someone  with  someone  from  the  health  department  may  check  in  with  you  about  your  health.  If  your  phone  number  changes  tell  your  health  department  &amp;  doctor.  Learn  more:  
Inhaling  eucalyptus  prevents  or  eliminates  the  new  coronavirus
10%  of  U.S.  cases  are  children.  
As  India  records  over  50000  new  infections  in  the  sixth  consecutive  day  the  countrys  total  confirmed  case  count  stands  at  18.5  lakh.  Union  Minister  Dharmendra  Pradhan  and  former  Karnataka  CM  Siddaramaiah  have  tested  positive  for  the  coronavirus  infection.  
Self-quarantined  workforce  discovers  95%  of  all  jobs  could  have  just  been  an  e-mail    
Due  to  potentially  life-saving  emergency  services  were  disrupted  in  almost  25%  of  responding  countries  with:  -disruptions  to  24H  emergency  room  services  affecting  22%  -urgent  blood  transfusions  disrupted  in  23%  -emergency  surgery  affected  in  19%  
BREAKING!  Staying  in  lockdown  and  adhering  to  social  distancing  guidelines  isn't  necessary  if  you  are  really  horny,  insists  Prof  Neil  Ferguson
_A  photo  has  been  shared  hundreds  of  times  in  multiple  posts  on  Facebook  and  Twitter  alongside  a  claim  it  shows  a  placard  with  a  message  congratulating  Sri  Lankan  leaders  for  "eradicating"  the  novel  coronavirus._
Total  522  Laboratories  initiated  independent  testing  of  COVID-19.  For  more  details  visit:  
Coronavirus:  Wetherspoons  reveals  66  staff  have  caught  COVID-19  since  pubs  reopened  
Doctors  cannon  lose  their  professional  license  for  refusing  to  prescribe  hydroxychloroquine.
The  speed  at  which  vaccines  diagnostics  and  therapeutics  have  been  developed  for  is  nothing  short  of  astonishing.  It  is  a  testament  to  the  incredible  advances  in  science  and  technology  the  world  has  made  in  recent  years-
One  case  has  now  recovered  so  our  total  number  of  active  cases  remains  at  27  -  all  are  in  quarantine.  Our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  is  1198  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  World  Health  Organization.
Also  note:  experts  say  that  broad  testing  will  not  be  the  optimal  strategy  for  all  stages  of  all  local  outbreak.  But/and  over  the  long  term  testing  remains  an  important  strategy  for  understanding  and  resolving  this  crisis.
The  reported  daily  death  toll  was  1774  the  first  day  under  2000  since  Monday  and  a  little  lower  than  last  Saturday.  We'll  note  that  Sat-Monday  reporting  seems  to  come  in  under  Tuesday-Friday.  
Fact-checking  Joe  Biden  on  military  coronavirus  deaths:  He  offered  a  vastly  larger  number  mistaking  Michigans  numbers  for  the  military  toll.  
Holding  your  breath  can  let  you  test  whether  you  may  have  COVID-19.
Where  Are  The  Coronavirus  Tests  For  US  Taxpayers?  
As  at  11:10pm  20th  April  breakdown  of  cases  by  states:  Lagos-376  FCT-89  Kano-59  Osun-20  Oyo-16  Edo-15  Ogun-12  Kwara-9  Katsina-12  Bauchi-7  Kaduna-9  Akwa  Ibom-9  Delta-4  Ekiti-4  Ondo-3  Enugu-2  Rivers-2  Niger-2  Benue-1  Anambra-1  Borno-3  Jigawa-2  Abia-2  Gombe-5  Sokoto-1
A  post  shared  to  a  popular  Facebook  group  accused  of  inflating  testing  numbers  for  nefarious  purposes.  But  the  jump  in  tests  were  all  negative  results  and  can  be  explained  by  batching  
National  telemedicine  service  completes  over  1.5  lakh  consultations.  
ALERT:  Americans  With  Coronavirus  Symptoms  Are  Being  Asked  To  Cough  Directly  Onto  President  Trump
States  reported  nearly  27k  cases  today  the  most  in  more  than  40  days  (May  8).  The  positive  rate  was  the  highest  since  late  May.  
Drop  in  A&amp;E  attendance:  pandemic  highly  affected  healthcare  seeking  behaviour  
A  podcast  on  how  to  best  educate  patients  about  COVID-19  
Clinician  Tip:  Underscore  the  importance  of  following  all  CDC  precautions  to  prevent  COVID-19  such  as  social  dis
15  people  are  now  considered  to  have  recovered  from  COVID-19  which  brings  our  total  number  of  active  cases  to  126  -  of  which  11  are  imported  cases.  Our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  is  1351.
Sales  of  New  COVID-19  Perfume  Tank  -  Industry  analysts  say  the  whole  project  is  being  ventilated.
Daily  average  of  new  cases  that  emerged  in  top  7  States  of  the  country--  Maharashtra  Karnataka  Andhra  Pradesh  Uttar  Pradesh  Tamil  Nadu  Delhi  &amp;  West  Bengal  :  Secretary  
As  of  today  there  are  189  total  confirmed  cases  and  129  active  cases  in  
Our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  is  now  1447  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  World  Health  Organization.
Acute  Gouty  Arthritis  During  Favipiravir  Treatment  for  Coronavirus  Disease  2019.  
It  is  critical  that  this  process  be  completed  in  less  than  48  hours.  If  testing  and  tracing  is  done  quickly  and  completely  it  can  contain  COVID  as  we  have  seen  in  South  Korea  and  Taiwan  without  the  need  for  costly  lockdowns.  Learn  more:  
India's  Cases  per  million  population  is  amongst  the  lowest  in  the  world  which  stands  at  3573  for  India  and  3704  for  the  world:  Secretary  
NCAA  searching  for  new  ways  to  exploit  student  athletes  after  cancellation  of  March  Madness  
A  doctor  in  the  Wuhan  hospital  was  seen  collapsing  and  later  lost  his  life  as  a  result  of  being  infected  from  the  coronavirus  2019-nCoV  in  front  of  patients  and  hospital  staff.
Roche  Medical  company  will  launch  the  vaccine  developed  for  coronavirus  in  United  States
193  new  cases  of  58-Lagos  46-Kano  35-Jigawa  12-Yobe  9-FCT  7-Ogun  5-Plateau  5-Gombe  4-Imo  3-Edo  3-Kwara  3-Borno  1-Bauchi  1-Nasarawa  1-Ondo  5162  cases  of  in  Nigeria  Discharged:  1180  Deaths:  167  
Cuba  has  developed  a  vaccine  against  coronavirus.
The  latest  local  lockdown  announcements  mean  10  million  people  in  Britain  face  extra  restrictions.  Click  below  to  check  if  there  are  local  restrictions  in  your  area  
PPI  use  is  a  risk  factor  for  COVID-19.  
Onions  will  keep  you  'free  from  all  viruses,'  including  coronavirus
China  deceived  the  world  with  the  coronavirus  pandemic  and  now  is  being  punished  by  the  God
The  total  number  of  active  cases  in  NZ  is  10.  Our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  is  now  1165  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  World  Health  Organisation.  One  significant  cluster  in  NZ  remains  open  the  St.  Margarets  rest  home  in  Auckland.
Please  do  let  us  know  if  you  find  errors.  There  are  sometimes  reasons  for  discrepancies  between  a  state's  data  and  ours  but  we  always  want  to  hear  about  possible  mistakes.  -
Trump  Administration  Collaborates  with  McKesson  for  COVID-19  Vaccine  Distribution  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Weve  now  tracked  8.4  million  tests  up  303k  from  yesterday.  Note  that  we  can  only  track  tests  that  a  state  reports.  For  details  see:  
As  at  10:40  pm  18th  April  number  of  states  with  confirmed  cases  of  19  +  FCT  Lagos-  306  FCT-  81  Kano-  37  Osun-  20  Oyo-  16  Edo-  15  Ogun-  12  Kwara-  9  Katsina-  9  Bauchi-  6  Kaduna-  6  Akwa  Ibom-  6  Delta-  4  Ekiti-  4  Ondo-  3  Enugu-  2  Rivers-2  Niger-  2  Benue-  1  Anambra-  1
Mike  Pence  introduces  program  to  cure  coronavirus  carriers  with  conversion  therapy  
People  recovered  from  have  life-saving  antibodies  in  their  blood  plasma.  If  youve  recovered  from  COVID-19  confirmed
It's  probably  the  reason  Trump's  favorite  covid  drug  is  chloroquine.
COVID-19  UpdateWe  have  9  new  cases  of  COVID-19  today  -  4  are  imported  and  5  are  in  the  community.  15  previously  reported  cases  are  considered  to  have  recovered  today.  Our  total  number  of  active  cases  is  131.  Of  these  24  are  imported  cases  in  managed  isolation  facilities.
At  Alert  Level  2  remember  to  keep  your  distance  from  other  people  stay  home  if  youre  sick  keep  social  gatherings  small  -  a  maximum  of  10  people  at  once  and  keep  track  of  where  youve  been  and  who  youve  seen.  
As  a  result  and  as  per  protocols  for  testing  of  close  contacts  within  the  managed  facilities  this  woman  was  retested  on  day  6  and  tested  positive.  This  case  brings  our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  to  1194  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  WHO.  
The  latest  updates  from  the  Ministry  of  Health  There  are  no  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  New  Zealand.  This  is  the  12th  consecutive  day  of  no  new  cases.  Our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  remains  at  1154.  The  number  of  recovered  cases  is  unchanged  at  1481.  
146  new  cases  of  57-Lagos  27-Kano  10-Kwara  9-Edo  8-Bauchi  7-Yobe  4-Kebbi  4-Oyo  3-Katsina  3-Niger  2-Plateau  2-Borno  2-Sokoto  2-Benue  1-Gombe  1-Enugu  1-Ebonyi  1-Ogun  1-FCT  1-Rivers  4787  cases  of  in  Nigeria  Discharged:  959  Deaths:  158  
State-wise  details  of  Total  Confirmed  cases(till  31  August  2020  8  AM)  States  with  1-10000  confirmed  cases  States  with  10001-90000  confirmed  cases  States  with  90000+  confirmed  cases  Total  no.  of  confirmed  cases  so  far  
We  fact-checked  Night  3  of  Trump's  actions  to  prevent  COVID-19  Biden  on  school  choice  and  defunding  the  police.  And  no  James  Madison  did  not  sign  the  Declaration  of  Independence.  
Thank  God!  New  Covid-19  Clusters  Mostly  Affecting  Low  Paid  Workers,  Direct  Provision  &amp;  Travelling  Community  
NZ  COVID  tracer  app  1556138  people  have  registered  for  the  COVID  Tracer  app  now.  A  reminder  for  businesses  to  please  make  sure  to  have  the  QR  code  accessible  for  people  in  wheelchairs.  
A  cohort  of  nearly  50  fact  checking  organisations  from  have  been  working  in  the  past  week  to  debunk  the  misinformation  emerging  about  the  outbreak.  Here's  what  they  found:  
Japanese  Nobel  Prize  for  Medicine  Tasuku  Honjo  claimed  on  social  media  that  coronavirus  is  not  "natural"  and  that  China  made  it  in  a  Wuhan  lab  where  he  worked  for  several  years.
These  are  the  five  states  we're  watching  most  closely.  
can  be  spread  by  people  who  do  not  have  symptoms  &amp;  do  not  know  that  they  are  infected.  Masks  can  help  prevent  people  who  have  COVID-19  from  spreading  the  virus  to  others.  Learn  more:  
Coronavirus  soon  to  become  history  as  Russias  Sechenov  University  says  it  has  completed  clinical  trials  of  worlds  first  COVID-19  vaccine.
Yesterday  our  laboratories  completed  3007  tests  bringing  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  291994.
Almost  200  vaccines  for  are  currently  in  clinical  and  pre-clinical  testing.  The  history  of  vaccine  development  tells  us  that  some  will  fail  and  some  will  succeed-
Our  combined  total  of  confirmed  and  probable  cases  remains  at  1504.The  number  of  recovered  cases  is  now  1482.There  are  no  additional  deaths  to  report.There  is  no  one  in  New  Zealand  receiving  hospital-level  care  for  COVID-19.
John  Travolta  Tests  Negative  For  Coronavirus  
States  reported  889  deaths.  Only  one  of  the  last  7  days  has  seen  a  day  over  1000  deaths.  The  7-day  average  is  now  very  to  close  to  800  lives  lost  per  day.  
Highest  cases  &amp;  highest  deaths  in  a  day  in  Total  cases  crossed  50,000.  Ease  of  lockdown  was  to  keep  economy  wheel  rolling  but  we  have  taken  it  as  ended.  Everyone  needs  to  understand  before  its  too  late  that  is  a  harsh  reality.    Take  Care  
Metformin  may  lower  risk  for  fatal  COVID-19.  
Highlights  of  the  week  Over  38.5  lakh  patients  recovered  one  of  the  highest  in  the  world  Over  5.8  crore  samples  tested  s
Trumps  Coronavirus  Vaccine  Is  Coming,  Uh  Huh,  Like  His  Tax  Returns  
USA  crossed  50000  deaths  in  23  days  Brazil  in  95  days  and  Mexico  in  141  days.  India  took  156  days.
A  photo  of  a  man  and  woman  embracing  has  been  shared  on  Facebook  and  Twitter  alongside  a  claim  that  it  shows  two  Italian  doctors  who  died  from  COVID-19  after  contracting  the  disease  from  the  patients  they  treated.
Suntan  Is  Coming  Along  Nicely  
The  latest  update  from  the  Ministry  of  Health:  Today  we  are  reporting  two  new  cases  of  COVID-19  made  up  of  one  confirmed  case  and  one  probable  case.Both  cases  are  linked  to  the  St  Margarets  Hospital  and  Rest  Home  in  Auckland.
Physician  scientist  and  epidemiologist  John  Ioannidis  explains  his  controversial  position  on  the  lockdowns.  
Los  Angeles  County  canceled  trick  or  treating  because  of  the  coronavirus
all  family  members  has  died  infected  by  corona  virusmy  heart  is  just...i  cannot  say
Many  States/UTs  have  performed  better  with  more  encouraging  figures  than  the  national  average  for  Recovery  Rate  and  Fatali
Italian  doctor  who  supports  the  anti-vaccine  movement  claims  that  vaccines  won't  help  in  the  fight  with  novel  coronavirus  because  virus  mutates  too  quickly.  Post  also  claims  that  in  reality  only  3  people  in  Italy  died  because  of  coronavirus.
The  photo  does  not  show  a  COVID-19  protest  in  Berlin.  It  was  taken  in  August  2019  in  Zurich  Switzerland  during  the  28th  annual  techno  Street  Parade.  
Americans  Attempting  to  Speak  Truth  to  Power  Hindered  by  State-Mandated  Face  Masks  
Barotrauma  more  likely  in  patients  post-ventilation  than  in  those  with  ARDS.  
More  than  74%  of  the  Total  Active  Cases  are  in  9  most  affected  States.  Maharashtra  Karnataka  and  Andhra  Pradesh  presently  contribute  49%  of  total  active  cases.  
You  might  come  in  contact  with  infected  people  with  no  symptoms.  It  is  important  to  maintain  physical  distancing  and  avoid  large  gatherings  because  you  may  not  know  who  may  have  to  keep  yourself  and  your  loved  ones  safe.  
List  of  Medicine  Shops  where  Favipiravir  tablets  (Fabiflu  etc)  will  be  available  for  in  and  
5G  conspiracy  theories  continue  to  spread  and  fact  checkers  continue  to  debunk  them:  
The  Crown  Estate  has  said  it  expects  the  value  of  its  profits  and  property  to  be  badly  affected  by  the  COVID-19  pandemic  
New  Contact  tracing  in  2  NC  counties  finds  many  people  with  didnt  report  contacts  and  many  contacts  reported  couldnt  be  reached.  In  one  county  a  third  of  people  didnt  report  contacts  &amp;  half  the  contacts  reported  couldnt  be  reached:  
Doctor  says  in  a  video:  We  must  all  go  out  to  get  infected  to  end  the  pandemic.  Vaccines  are  going  to  infect  us  with  another  disease.  Fear  causes  other  illnesses.
Central  government  has  given  permission  for  schools  to  re-open.
Last  Monday  cases  hit  their  lowest  daily  total  since  March.  Today  the  case  number  is  up  a  couple  thousand  cases  from  last  week  though  still  under  20k.  
Says  the  April  22  jump  in  COVID-19  cases  was  related  to  the  election.
South  Dakota  began  reporting  race  &amp;  ethnicity  data  today.  In  a  90%  white  state  almost  70%  of  cases  are  people  of  color  because  of  meatpacking  outbreaks.  Of  the  3  states  still  not  reporting  any  of  this  data  --  NE  ND  NV  --  Nebraska  especially  may  have  similar  dynamics.  
A  message  on  WhatsApp  claims  steam  inhalation  cures  COVID-19.
Flu  shots  can  make  someone  test  positive  for  COVID-19.
The  initiative  would  have  delivered  testing  to  Californias  most  vulnerable  and  disadvantaged.  
Live  in  under  the  sun.  cause  UV  ray  can  kill  CORONA  Virus  take  care  everybody.  we  will  be  better  soon  i  believe  thatpray  more  /  eat  well  /  sleep  well  and  stay  at  home.
The  Rolling  Stones  New  Single,  Eerily  Becomes  the  Unofficial  Coronavirus  Song  
Just  one  in  10  of  the  world's  population  is  likely  to  be  protected  against  in  the  first  year  of  a  vaccine  being  made  available  experts  have  told  Sky  News  
Local  Man  Appoints  Himself  World's  Foremost  Expert  On  Coronavirus  
One  person  can  break  a  chain  of  infection.  Help  protect  your  family  and  community.  Stay  home.  Wash  your  hands.  When  out  for  essential  trips  wear  a  cloth  face  covering  and  keep  at  least  6  feet  of  distance  between  yourself  and  others.  
OMS  says  people  infected  with  COVID-19  without  symptons  do  not  transmit  the  disease.
Florida  Man  Warns  New  Yorkers  
Other  diseases  like  and  all  thrive  when  immunization  is  paused  and  supply  chains  for  medical  supplies  are  interrupted-
At  least  1  out  of  every  10  persons  over  50  years  old  who  had  died  from  it  in  Nigeria.  Please  today  to  protect  yourself  your  loved  ones  and  the  elderly  around  you  and  in  our  society.  COVID  19  is  real.  
Two  people  are  now  considered  to  have  recovered  from  COVID-19  which  means  there  are  22  active  cases  of  COVID-19  in  New  Zealand  all  in  managed  isolation  or  quarantine.
Thermal  scanners  can  detect  novel  coronavirus
India  Tracker  (As  on  22  September  2020  08:00  AM)  Confirmed  cases:  5562663  Recovered:  4497867  (80.9%)Active  cases:  975861  (17.5%)  Deaths:  88935  (1.6%)  Via  
As  of  today  there  are  307  active  cases  and  24545  people  under  in  district  
PM  Narendra  Modi  has  spoken  to  the  Chief  Ministers  of  seven  states  to  discuss  COVID-19  situation.  With  over  8000  new  infections  reported  in  the  last  24  hours  Maharashtras  total  COVID-19  tally  has  crossed  the  3  lakh  mark.  
Update  from  Today  there  is  one  new  case  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  managed  isolation  facilities  in  New  Zealand.It  has  been  72  days  since  the  last  case  of  COVID-19  was  acquired  locally  from  an  unknown  source.  Our  total  number  of  active  cases  is  25.
Sadly  there  are  10  people  with  COVID-19  in  hospital  today;  2  in  Auckland  City  three  in  Middlemore  3  in  North  Shore  and  2  in  Waikato.  Eight  people  are  on  a  ward  and  2  are  in  ICU  one  each  in  Middlemore  and  Waikato  Hospitals.  We  are  sending  them  and  their  families  our  aroha.
Use  caution  when  relying  on  gaiters  and  face  shields  to  help  protect  yourself  and  others  from  Researchers  are  currently  investigating  their  effectiveness.  Learn  more:  
Doctors  who  recovered  from  COVID-19  quckly  had  inhaled  steam  every  day.
not  a  single  politician  has  died,  lost  their  job  or  worn  a  mask  during  the  COVID-19  pandemic
A  Facebook  sharepic  shows  very  low  death  rates  for  COVID-19  in  several  European  countries
In  addition  to  our  new  metrics  we  will  continue  to  provide  hospitalization  projections  based  on  current  trends  and  measures.  See  how  your  state  is  doing  at  
growing  evidence  that  skin  rashes  are  a  key  feature  of  Covid,  present  in  around  9%  of  app  users  testing  positive.  In  children  they  may  be  even  more  predictive,  with  a  1/6  of  children  experiencing  a  rash  &amp;  no  other  symptoms  
.claimed  coronavirus  cases  are  going  up  onlydue  to  more  testing.  Thats  False.  The  number  of  tests  across  the  country  has  increased  but  so  has  the  positivity  rate.  
Not  only  does  the  Trump  Administration  want  to  take  away  health  coverage  for  millions  in  the  middle  of  a  pandemic,  but  now  they  want  to  let  people  go  hungry,  too.  Their  cruelty  truly  knows  no  bounds.  
In  Pulaski  County  Arkansas  -  thanks  to  social  distancing  we  don't  estimate  the  hospitals  overloading  but  without  a  Stay-At-Home  order  the  county  home  to  Little  Rock  could  see  62%  of  their  population  infected  and  2000  deaths.
Total  Cases  in  India  (as  on  September  03  2020)  77.09%  Cured/Discharged/Migrated  (2970492)  21.16%  Active  cases  (815538)  1.75%  Deaths  (67376)  Total  COVID-19  confirmed  cases  =  Cured/Discharged/Migrated+Active  cases+Deaths  
Kentucky  Derby  will  be  run  WITHOUT  jockeys  at  Churchill  Downs  race  track  on  September  5  as  COVID-1
A  testing  centre  in  Kent  has  been  shut  -  reportedly  to  make  way  for  a  lorry  park  in  the  run  up  to  the  next  big  Brexit  deadline  
Over  5000  students  tested  positive  for  COVID-19  after  an  exam  for  Karnataka's  Consortium  of  Medical,  Engineering  and  Dental  Colleges  of  Karnataka  Under  Graduate  Entrance  Test  (COMEDK).
Dr.  Abdul  Rahman  Al-Youbi  Director  of  King  Abdulaziz  University  in  Saudi  Arabia  shares  the  news  of  a  new  vaccine  for  Covid-19  created  by  Saudi  doctors.
Coronavirus:  European  countries  impose  new  restrictions  as  infections  tick  upwards  
Ad  Watch:  Joe  Bidens  Spanish-language  ad  says  Donald  Trump  lacks  coronavirus  plan.  Heres  a  recap  of  the  main  claims  in  Bidens  ad  translated  fact-checked  and  with  context  
A  video  viewed  more  than  2.4  million  times  on  Facebook  urges  people  to  inhale  steam  to  killthe  novel  coronavirus.
The  Ministry  of  Home  Affairs  approved  opening  of  schools  in  all  states  from  July.
Our  data  update  is  published.  Weve  now  tracked  12.6  million  tests  up  413k  from  yesterday  a  new  all-time  daily  high.  Note  that  we  can  only  track  tests  that  a  state  reports  and  there  is  a  new  caveat.  We  now  know  some  states  are  mixing  in  antibody  tests  muddying  the  data.  
India  sees  an  unprecedented  surge  in  Recoveries.  Nearly  75000  recoveries  in  last  24  hours.  Total  number  of  Recovered  Cases  nearly  34  lakh.  
Dr  Uma  Kumar  of  AIIMS  gave  an  interview  on  coronavirus.
Guidelines  on  Tests  WHO  has  recommended  0.14  samples  per  day  per  1000  or  140  tests  per  day  per  million  population.  Details  :  
Amoxi"  Capsule  made  in  US  is  the  only  medicine  that  can  completely  cure  COVID-19.  Egyptian  Health  Minister  arrive  in  Italy  with  secret  coronavirus  cure.    Dr  Charles  Lieber  a  Harvard  professor  has  been  arrested  in  the  USA  for  manufacturing  the  coronavirus  and  selling  it  to  China.  A  video  news  report  from  WCVB  a  TV  station  in  Boston  Massachusetts  is  shared  with  the  Facebook  post.  Mountain  Matterhorn  in  Switzerland  was  lit  in  three  colours  of  Indian  flag  as  a  token  of  gratitude  to  India  for  sending  Hydroxychloroquine.  Al-Azhar  Imam  said  he  is  considering  exceptions  on  Ramadan  fasting  as  the  research  says  that  the  mouth  must  be  kept  wet  to  prevent  COVID-19    Japanese  Nobel  Tasuku  Honjo  says  coronavirus  was  created  in  the  Wuhan  laboratory  A  man  collapses  in  5  minutes  after  showing  COVID-19  symptoms  in  India.  Celebrities  spreading  misinformation  about  coronavirus  and  the  Janata  curfew  in  India.    Multiple  posts  shared  repeatedly  on  Facebook  and  Twitter  since  March  2020  claim  that  Israel  has  reported  zero  deaths  from  the  novel  coronavirus  which  causes  the  disease  COVID-19.  The  posts  also  claim  Israeli  citizens  have  protected  themselves  from  COVID-19  by  drinking  a  remedy  of  hot  water  lemon  and  baking  soda  which  purportedly  killsthe  virus.    CDC  suddenly  lost  30000  deaths  from  coronavirus  from  its  data  thus  proving  the  virus  is  not  as  serious  as  it  seems.  Photos  of  coronavirus  patients  being  treated  on  the  road  in  Italy.  Indian  actor  Shah  Rukh  Khan  donated  money  to  Pakistan  to  fight  coronavirus  and  did  not  help  India  at  all.  Russian  President  Vladimir  Putin  has  ordered  Russias  population  to  stay  at  home  for  15  days  or  face  five  years  in  jail.  Indian  Army  has  set-up  a  1000  bed  quarantine  facility  in  Rajasthan's  Barmer.  Leonardo  Da  Vinci  Hospital  a  COVID-19  reference  hospital  in  Fortaleza  Brazil  is  empty.  A  video  "proves"  there  was  no  one  at  the  areas  open  to  the  public.    President  Trump's  claim  that  he  inherited  no  ventilators  from  the  Obama  administration.  An  audio  where  an  unidentified  person  links  the  virus  that  causes  COVID-19  with  the  massive  flu  vaccination  campaign.  Black  body  bags  being  referred  to  as  deaths  in  New  York  and  the  reason  a  lockdown  is  essential.  Mustard  oil  prevents  a  person  from  getting  infected  with  COVID-19.  North  Carolinas  health  department  is  "telling  hospitals  that  if  they  decide  to  do  elective  surgeries  they  wont  be  eligible  to  receive  (protective  equipment)  from  the  state.After  coronavirus  pandemic  Chinese  president  said  it's  China's  time  to  lead  the  world.  The  nurses  that  Boris  Johnson  claimed  saved  his  life  are  not  registered  in  the  UK.  A  claim  that  Indias  Ministry  of  Home  Affairs  has  made  it  a  punishable  offensefor  citizens  to  publish  posts  on  social  media  about  the  novel  coronavirus  has  been  shared  repeatedly  on  Facebook  Twitter  and  WhatsApp.    Says  Nancy  Pelosi  was  caught  trying  to  include  abortion  funding  in  bill  to  combat  coronavirus.A  video  of  a  man  rebuking  foreigners  has  been  viewed  thousands  of  times  on  social  media  alongside  a  claim  that  the  Guinean  government  has  ordered  the  arrest  of  all  Chinese  nationals  in  the  country  while  awaiting  the  safe  return  of  Guineans  from  China.    The  U.S.  is  the  only  country  on  earth  that  is  protesting  being  locked  down.  Photo  of  Kurnool  MLA  (Hafeez  Khan)  making  a  nurse  to  touch  the  feet  of  a  religious  head  in  Viswabharathi  Medical  College  who  had  to  come  to  the  COVID-19  quarantine  facility.  New  York  State  Governor  shows  data  that  proves  that  isolation  is  ineffective  against  COVID-19.  Homeopathic  product  Oscillococcinum  protects  against  COVID-19.  CDC  admitted  to  lying  about  COVID-19  death  stats.  Notice  for  preparing  emergency  drugs  was  released  on  social  media  for  alumni  of  Seoul  National  University  College  of  Medicine.  Belgian  doctors  turn  their  back  on  WHO  director.  Dr.  Li  Wenliang  (the  Chinese  whistleblower  doctor)  has  proposed  that  drinking  tea  can  cure  COVID-19.  Any  person  arrested  for  violating  lockdown  in  the  night  will  not  get  bail  until  the  lockdown  is  over  in  the  state  of  Gujarat  in  India.    US  President  Donald  Trump  tested  positive  for  COVID-19.  A  picture  with  a  quote  from  doctor  Vincenzo  Puro  who  allegedly  said  that  asymptomatic  people  cannot  infect  others  that  the  virus  is  not  lethal  and  that  the  pandemic  is  a  "hoax".    Prince  Charles  recovered  from  COVID-19  with  the  help  of  Ayurvedic  treatment.    A  video  shows  a  Superintendent  of  police  announcing  the  extension  of  Lokckdown  in  Maharashtra  India  till  May  30.    A  WhatsApp  audio  claims  that  the  Infanta  Sofa  Hospital  in  Madrid  has  15  children  in  serious  condition  due  to  COVID-19  and  that  there  are  three  other  children  in  the  Talavera  de  la  Reina  Hospital.  Video  shows  coronavirus  patients  and  doctors.  A  video  claims  to  show  that  the  Nigerian  government  has  spent  US$2  million  to  "import"  Chinese  doctors  and  supplies.  Riots  in  London  due  to  the  unavailability  of  food  items.  The  United  Kingdom  will  be  locked  down  by  tonight.  Army  soldiers  take  to  the  UK  streets.  A  set  of  claims  passed  as  instructions  to  be  followed  during  the  COVID-19  pandemic  period.    Facebook  post  claims  that  the  Latvian  app  Apturi  Covid  (Stop  Covid)  which  was  created  to  warn  people  who  have  been  close  to  an  infected  person  will  be  used  so  the  government  can  track  all  the  people  from  the  contact  list  and  record  their  locations.  Aaj  Tak  channel  aired  a  program  that  said  drinking  alcohol  or  smoking  weed  can  cure  COVID-19.    President  Donald  Trump  tweeted  Coronavirus  vaccine  from  Israel!  Stock  market  up!  Economy  even  stronger  now!  Besides  US  Israel  best  at  inventions:  Judaism  olives.  Wonderful  vaccine  will  stop  Corona  DEAD  around  world.  Cant  make  vaccines  when  being  bombed  not  have  been  possible  without  peace  I  created  in  Israel!Italy  official  Giulio  Gallera:  China  lies  to  us.  The  date  China  provided  is  false.  Italy  has  become  Wuhan  and  the  medical  system  has  a  breakdown.  Joo  Doria  governor  of  So  Paulo  forbade  doctors  to  give  chloroquine  to  COVID-19  patients.  A  blog  post  has  been  shared  thousands  of  times  in  multiple  Facebook  posts  which  claim  it  shows  a  video  of  a  baby  who  died  after  being  infected  with  the  novel  coronavirus  which  causes  the  disease  COVID-19.    A  vaccine  for  coronavirus  was  available  since  2001.    Video  showing  policemen  picking  banknotes  with  sticks  linking  it  with  coronavirus.  We  can't  make  a  vaccine  that  works  for  flu  no  vaccine  for  the  respiratory  syncytial  virus  (RSV)  and  we  can't  cure  cancer.  Yet  somehow  scientists  can  make  a  vaccine  for  COVID-19  in  six  months?  Mumbai  and  Pune  is  going  under  military  lockdown  What  we  need  to  do  to  defeat  the  coronavirus  is  to  consume  more  alkaline  foods  above  the  viruspH  level.  Indian  Actor  Aamir  Khan  gives  Rs.  15000  to  poor  people  in  1Kg  wheat  flour.    The  photo  shows  the  funeral  of  Turkish  deceased  general  Aytac  Yalman  due  to  COVID-19.  The  coronavirus  responsible  for  COVID-19  is  a  mix  of  SARS  and  HIV.  Two  doctors  in  Bakersfield  California  said  at  a  press  conference  that  isolation  measures  affect  the  immune  system  and  that  unrestrictive  controls  in  countries  like  Sweden  have  worked.    Article  says  that  the  Vatican  confirmed  that  the  Pope  and  two  assistants  have  coronavirus.  Herbal  tea  made  of  malunggay  and  kamias  leaves  is  a  cure  for  COVID-19  the  disease  caused  by  the  novel  coronavirus.  A  video  of  police  officers  immobilizing  a  screaming  woman.  The  caption  states  that  they  were  being  beaten  by  the  police  because  they  refuse  to  go  to  their  houses  during  lockdown  in  Minas  Gerais  Brazil    Cuba's  low  number  of  COVID-19  deaths  is  due  to  its  use  of  hydroxychloroquine  to  treat  patients  A  video  of  the  doctor  linked  to  the  anti-vaccine  movement  Chinda  Brandolino  on  the  origin  of  COVID-19.    There  is  a  confirmed  case  of  coronavirus  in  a  Bogothospital.  A  video  showing  migrant  laborers  from  Surat  city  in  India  are  being  sent  back  to  Surat  after  their  home  states  refused  to  take  them  back  at  the  state  border.  Ohio  Gov.  Mike  DeWine  released  4300  prisoners  and  is  now  warning  residents  of  a  possible  crime  wave.    It's  not  a  virus  but  5G  that  is  causing  disease  and  deaths  An  arrest  by  the  Federal  Bureau  of  Investigation  (FBI)  of  a  professor  who  had  ties  to  China  is  connected  to  the  coronavirus  pandemic.  A  photo  of  a  list  of  purported  symptoms  and  treatments  for  the  novel  coronavirus  which  causes  the  disease  COVID-19  has  been  shared  hundreds  of  times  in  multiple  posts  on  Facebook  Twitter  and  Instagram.  The  purported  remedies  include  a  daily  dose  of  vitamins;  exposure  to  sunlight;  and  a  diet  of  alkaline  foods.    Police  catches  coronavirus  positive  patient  on  the  road.    In  the  30-second  viral  video  a  man  lifts  his  shirt  and  challenges  aa  police  officer  who  is  pointing  a  gun  at  him.  Another  police  officer  kicks  the  man  from  behind  pins  him  down  on  the  road  and  makes  an  arrest.  The  text  overlaid  on  the  video  reads  "Italy  says  lockdown  they  mean  it.
In  the  last  2  weeks  of  July  97K  U.S.  children  tested  positive  for  COVID  +40%.  While  some  students  head  back  to  the  classroom  other  students  log  on  for  virtual  learning  due  to  new  infections  among  students  and  teachers.  Read  more:  
New  findings  confirm  earlier  research  showing  a  major  increase  in  physician  employment  by  hospitals  over  the  past  decade.  
Trump  Wants  Billions  for  Coronavirus;  Will  Spend  it  on  Wall  
322  new  cases  of  Lagos-130  Bauchi-36  FCT-25  Edo-17  Bayelsa-14  Ogun-14  Oyo-14  Anambra-13  Kaduna-12  Ondo-11  Abia-10  Osun-6  Plateau-5  Kwara-5  Kano-4  Ebonyi-3  Sokoto-2  Borno-1  52227  confirmed  38945  discharged  1002  deaths  
ICYMI:  the  FDA  has  now  approved  a  test  that  looks  for  viral  proteins  (antigens)  which  is  different  than  the  RNA  of  the  virus  (which  PCR  tests  looked  for).
Politically  Correct  Woman  (Almost)  Uses  Pandemic  as  Excuse  Not  to  Reuse  Plastic  Bag  
A  rare  case  of  transverse  myelitis  may  be  linked  to  the  vaccine.  
19  clarifications  so  that  the  population  is  no  longer  misled  about  COVID-19
scales  up  Covid-19  testing  capacity  to  3  lakh  tests  per  day  in  country.  As  of  now  tota
India  is  one  of  the  few  countries  that  have  reported  very  high  numbers  of  daily  testing.  The  daily  testing  capacity  has  already  crossed  11  lakh  and  is  consistently  rising.  
Tomorrow  April  6  we  will  pass  10000  coronavirus  deaths.  We  passed  5000  on  April  2.  We  passed  1000  on  March  26.  We  passed  100  on  March  18.
Yes.  As  of  today  Case  stands  at  2.13%  &amp;  has  been  continuously  reducing  from  around  3.33%  in  mid-June.  
Thyrocare  Thane  Lab  Is  Sealed  Over  False-Positive  COVID19  Testing
Mike  Pence  in  RNC  speech  praises  Donald  Trumps  COVID-19  seamlesspartnership  with  governors  and  leaves  out  the  president's  state  feuds:  
The  uptick  in  completed  tests  is  encouraging  but  we'll  need  a  few  more  days  of  growth  before  we  can  declare  the  plateau  in  U.S.  testing  to  be  over.  
Nashville  Woman's  Self-Quarantine  Goes  Remarkably  Smoothly  
Residents  of  York  are  asked  what  they  think  of  a  new  government  rule  which  allows  people  in  England  who  may  have  to  be  fined  up  to  10000  if  they  fail  to  self-isolate.  To  read  more  click  here:  
MEDSCAPE  POLL:  Do  you  feel  that  you  are  more  burned  out  since  the  crisis  began  than  you  were  before?
As  per  Home  Ministry  of  India  sharing  information  related  to  the  coronavirus  is  now  a  punishable  offense.
Angela  Rayner  has  demanded  all  social  care  workers  in  the  UK  are  paid  at  least  the  real  living  wage  as  care  homes  brace  for  a  feared  second  wave  of  Labours  Deputy  Leader  joins  to  discuss.  0710  Channel  501  Watch  live:  
Hi  David  please  let  the  Ministry  of  Health  know  by  phoning  0800  800  606  or  emailing  tracingapp-feedback
I  enjoyed  the  great  indoors  in  2020    Get  your  commemorative  lockdown  T-shirt  HERE  &gt;&gt;&gt;  
Boris  Johnson  has  said  the  long-feared  second  wave  of  the  pandemic  has  arrived  in  the  UK  with  new  cases  of  in  England  estimated  to  have  doubled  over  the  past  week  
Yesterday  our  laboratories  completed  2419  tests.  Of  those  tests  yesterday  just  under  2000  were  in  the  community.  That  brings  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  448786.
VP  Pence  just  said  a  total  of  254000  Americans  have  been  tested.  Our  current  tally  of  completed  tests  is  at  235374  which  implies  captured  ~89%  of  people  tested  so  far.
State-wise  details  of  Total  Confirmed  cases(till  03  September  2020  8  AM)  States  with  1-10000  confirmed  cases  States  with  10001-90000  confirmed  cases  States  with  90000+  confirmed  cases  Total  no.  of  confirmed  cases  so  far  
Study  shows  1  in  6  maternity  health  workers  have  had  COVID-19  half  of  whom  were  completely  asymptomatic.  
French  high  school  in  the  town  of  Langres  was  chosen  to  test  a  vaccine  against  COVID-19.
If  you  are  interested  in  helping  grow  our  antibody  test  knowledge  base  please  respond  to  this  thread  and  we  will  try  to  be  in  touch.
What  happens  to  the  job  prospects  of  people  made  long-term  unemployed  by  CEO  says  being  unemployed  for  more  than  a  1yr  reduces  your  chance  of  finding  work  again  by  40%.  We  found  that  to  be  a  fair  call:  
Yesterday  our  laboratories  completed  1043  tests.  That  brings  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  429643.  Please  note  that  testing  numbers  are  usually  lower  on  the  weekend.
The  last  3  days  have  seen  near-record  numbers  of  tests  reported.  8  states  completed  over  10k  tests.  Time  will  tell  but  these  numbers  have  begun  to  feel  like  the  new  normal.
The  CDC  did  not  reduce  its  COVID-19  Florida  case  count  and  the  CDC  did  not  admit  any  kind  of  systematic  error  in  its  counting  of  Florida  coronavirus  cases.  This  claim  rates  False.  
Coronavirus:  Number  of  schools  sending  home  pupils  due  to  COVID  quadruples  in  a  week  
Western  countries  such  as  Italy  Spain  France  the  UK  do  not  treat  elderly  patients  over  65.
Total  Cases  in  India  (as  on  August  31  2020)  76.63%  Cured/Discharged/Migrated  (2774801)  21.59%  Active  cases  (781975)  1.78%  Deaths  (64469)  Total  COVID-19  confirmed  cases  =  Cured/Discharged/Migrated+Active  cases+Deaths  Via  
Dr.  Manisha  Patil  died  due  to  COVID-19  while  treating  coronavirus  patients  in  Maharashtra  India.
Why  mouthwash  could  help  fight  COVID  along  with  bad  breath.  
testing  status  update:  stated  that  52934433  samples  tested  upto  September  9  2020  1129756  sample  tested  on  September  9  2020  
It's  vital  that  Governors  maintain  restrictions  on  businesses  until  after  the  November  Elections  because  economic  recovery  will  help  Trump  be  re-elected.
Nurse  says  Brazilian  states  and  municipalities  earn  federal  funding  for  every  death  recorded  for  COVID-19.
Experts  said:  minimum  of  2.2  MILLION  would  die.    CDC  says  6%  died  from  COVID.    China  and  WHO  lied  to  the  World.  China  flew  infected  people  out  internationally  while  banning  domestic  travel  and  welding  doors  shut  during  Wuhan  lockdown.    Wuhan  Virus  deaths  low  in  S  Korea  due  to  HCQ
304  new  cases  of  Lagos-81  FCT-39  Abia-31  Kaduna-24  Rivers-23  Plateau-16  Cross  River-13  Ebonyi-12  Ondo-12  Ekiti-11  Edo-11  Benue-10  Nasarawa-10  Ogun-6  Gombe-5  43841  confirmed  20308  discharged  888  deaths  
Angry  Mobs  of  Women  in  Coronavirus  Lockdown  Storm  Michigan  Governor's  Office  
There  were  18595  new  cases  which  is  fewer  than  the  recent  average.  But  because  we  haven't  seen  total  completed  test  numbers  that  low  in  more  than  2  weeks  there  was  a  decent  uptick  in  the  positive  rate  to  6.5%  highest  since  May  16.  
Lactancy  is  not  recommended  because  of  risks  to  COVID-19  transmission  from  mother  to  child.
Update  on  MIQ  numbers:  There  are  currently  5423  people  in  managed  isolation  and  quarantine.  Our  current  effective  capacity  is  7091.  This  gives  us  an  excess  capacity  of  1668.  Over  the  next  week  we  are  projecting  2816  arrivals  and  2560  departures  from  our  facilities.
Claim:  India  began  screening  travelers  from  nations  before  it  had  a  single  case:  PM  Modi  Fact:  20  countries  had  cases  by  Jan  30  when  India  reported  1st  case.  Yet  India  was  screening  travelers  only  from  China  Hong  Kong  
A  French  doctor  is  quoted  as  saying  that  US  billionaire  Bill  Gates  wants  to  sell  a  COVID-19  vaccine  in  Africa  but  it's  poisonous  and  will  "destroy"  Africa.
Prime  Minister  Boris  Johnson  says  the  government  will  "very  shortly"  be  setting  out  "the  priority  of  the  groups  that  we  think  should  have  COVID  tests".  Follow  live  updates  as  the  PM  faces  questions  from  the  liaison  committee:  
Day  in  the  to  catch  up  on  Computer  Cleaning  keeps  IT  equipment  safe  by  disinfecting  keyboards,  mice,  laptops  and  more  from  and  such  as  
Panic  and  fear  might  be  limiting  human  reasoning  and  fueling  hoaxes  about  coronavirus:  via  
The  first  night  of  the  first-ever  virtual  DNC  was  different.  Gov.  Cuomo  recreated  a  COVID  press  briefing  complete  with  PowerPoint  and  Sen.  Sanders  spoke  in  front  of  an  impressive  pile  of  firewood.  As  for  the  facts?  Here's  the  PolitiFact  rundown:  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Weve  now  tracked  9  million  tests  up  278k  from  yesterday.  The  US  logged  1.7  million  tests  this  week.  Note  that  we  can  only  track  tests  that  a  state  reports.  For  details  see:  
-  Total  Recoveries  are  677422.  -  Recovery  rate  stands  at  62.86%.  -
DYK:  can  present  in  a  variety  of  ways  including:  Fever/  chills  Cough  Shortness  of  breath  Fatigue  Muscle/  bo
RECIPE  FOR  A  GENUINE,  BASIC  ANTI-VIRUS  PUNCH  (To  hopefully  give  Mr.  Mean  COVID-19  a  one/two  punch!)  
India  reports  more  than  90000  recoveries  for  the  3rd  successive  day.  Total  Recovered  cases  close  to  43  Lakh-  highest  in  the  world.  India's  Recovery  Rate  crosses  the  landmark  of  80%.  
There  are  up  to  500  million  indigenous  peoples  worldwide  in  over  90  countries.  Indigenous  peoples  have  unique  cultures  and  languages  and  deep  relationships  with  the  environment-
Deaths  rose  again  today.  We  now  report  a  cumulative  total  of  1530.  These  deaths  are  concentrated  quite  heavily  in  just  a  few  states.  
This  is  the  same  pattern  we  saw  for  cases  and  hospitalizations  over  the  last  couple  months.  Compare  Arizona  New  Jersey  New  York  and  Texas.  
There  remain  33  cases  in  the  Mt  Roskill  Evangelical  Fellowship  group  and  there  are  now  15  cases  in  the  bereavement  events  group  which  includes  the  cases  whose  source  of  infection  was  the  bereavement  events.
New  Jersey  has  been  adding  probable  deaths  to  its  backlog.  We  put  them  in  our  raw  data  but  have  kept  it  out  of  these  charts  so  that  its  easier  to  see  the  current  trends.  Were  still  hoping  to  get  more  data  from  the  state  so  that  we  can  properly  backfill  those  deaths.  
All  the  governments  coronavirus  fk-ups,  a  timeline  
Maharashtra's  COVID-19  tally  has  crossed  the  2  Lakh  mark  out  of  which  83311  people  are  still  positive  108082  people  have  recovered  and  8671  people  have  lost  their  lives.  India's  coronavirus  recovery  rate  now  stands  at  60.77%  the  Health  Ministry  said.  
Coronavirus:  Health  Secretary  Matt  Hancock  won't  rule  out  second  national  lockdown  
We  are  facing  so  many  crises  under  Donald  Trump:      COVID.  Economic  devastation.  Unwarranted  police  violence.  Emboldened  white  nationalists.  A  reckoning  on  race.  Declining  faith  in  a  bright  American  future.    The  common  thread?  A  president  who  makes  things  worse  not  better.
10  Road  Trip  Essentials  
The  Italian  Government  wants  Bill  Gates  arrested.
A  claim  that  a  video  Amitabh  Bacchan  praising  Nanavathi  Hospital  COVID  warriors  was  just  released.
566  new  cases  of  Lagos-166  Oyo-66  Delta-53  Ebonyi-43  Plateau-34  Ondo-32  FCT-26  Ogun-25  Edo-24  Imo-15  Bayelsa-13  Benue-12  Gombe-11  Kano-11  Kaduna-11  Osun-8  Nasarawa-7  Borno-5  Katsina-2  Anambra-2  25133  confirmed  9402  discharged  573  deaths  
COVID-19  tests  can  be  purchased  to  do  the  test  at  home  with  sanitary  guarantees.
can  be  spread  by  people  who  do  not  have  symptoms  &amp;  do  not  know  that  they  are  infected.  Masks  worn  over  the  nose  and  mo
Bloke  Whose  Misso  Has  To  Stop  Him  From  A  Putting  Fork  In  The  Toaster  Quite  Certain  COVID-19  Is  A  Lie
A  Facebook  page  shared  a  post  announcing  that  the  United  States  of  America  will  grant  5000  Nigerians  free  work  Visa  for  two  years.
2/10  Sir  Patrick  Vallance  says  cases  are  'clearly  increasing'.  He  adds  'we  think  the  virus  is  doubling  roughly  every  seven  days'  and  emphasises  if  that  is  true  the  UK  could  have  49000  cases  per  day  in  mid-October.  
A  Noted  Meteorologist  Says  The  California  Wildfires  are  Being  Fanned  by  the  Coronavirus  
Georgia  is  particularly  worrisome.  The  state  had  not  seen  a  large  rise  in  reported  deaths  despite  rising  infections  and  a  steep  hospitalization  curve.  Today  the  state  reported  its  second-highest  deaths  since  the  beginning  of  the  pandemic  and  the  highest  number  since  April  7.  
Yet  another  peak  scaled!  India  registers  HIGHEST  single  day  Recoveries  of  more  than  81000  in  the  las
Says  the  coronavirus  is  a  MILITARY  BIO-WEAPON  Developed  by  China's  Army.
Focusing  on  as  many  people  as  possible  continues  to  increase  testing  capacities.  Over  20  million  t
When  using  a  medical  mask  you're  supposed  to  wear  the  white  side  out  when  you're  not  sick.
Two  studies  touting  the  use  of  CMR  for  noninvasive  detection  of  coronary  microvascular  dysfunction  have  been  retracted  on  the  basis  of  findings  of  research  misconduct.  
Note:  In  an  earlier  version  of  this  thread  we  posted  an  incorrect  number  for  todays  reported  deaths.  We  deleted  the  tweet  posted  the  wrong  chart  and  deleted  it  again.  All  numbers  and  charts  are  correct  now.  Our  apologies  for  the  errors.  
NEWS!  Avoid  Coronavirus  by  just  being  patriotic,  thinking  optimistically  and  ignoring  experts,  instructs  Boris  
Posts  on  social  media  claim  that  people  who  have  been  vaccinated  against  the  flu  in  the  last  10  years  will  test  positive  for  COVID-19.
Public  health  authorities  deploy  5,000  emotionally  absent  fathers  to  teach  public  about  social  distancing  
Hundreds  of  students  in  Dundee  have  been  told  to  isolate  after  a  suspected  outbreak  in  a  halls  of  residence  
Video  of  a  Muslim  leader  being  accidentally  shot  dead  during  a  celebratory  firing  after  he  recovered  from  COVID-19  in  Pakistan
BTK  inhibitor  acalabrutinib  may  improve  outcomes  quickly  in  severe  COVID-19  a  case  study  of  19  patients  suggests.  
This  week  and  took  over  the  data  engine  room  of  and  they  have  made  our  processes  more  reliable  and  easier  to  manage.  Were  officially  2  weeks  old  and  their  contributions  have  been  vital.
Saint  Patrick  Is  Back  To  Banish  Covid-19  This  Time  He's  Pissed  
Today  at  2pm  ET  log  in  to  COCA  Facebook  profile  or  call  in.  COCA  Call  Topic:  Update:  Optimization  Strategies  for  Healthcare  Personal  Protective  Equipment  (PPE).  Learn  more  about  the  event  at  
Queen  Elizabeth  Stepping  Down  Permanently  As  Queen  Amid  Coronavirus  Pandemic?  
India  has  tested  more  than  3.5  crore  people  for  so  far  resolutely  following  its  'TEST  TRACK  TREAT'  strategy.  
Still  we're  not  always  going  to  have  perfect  numbers  and  that's  why  we  do  our  best  to  tell  you  about  where  each  one  came  from  right  on  the  site.  The  state  document  we  use  for  data  entry  is  what  you  see  on  the  site.  
States  reported  746  new  deaths.  The  7-day  average  remained  under  900.  
_A  video  has  been  viewed  thousands  of  times  in  multiple  posts  on  Facebook  Twitter  and  YouTube  which  claim  it  shows  Chinese  police  arresting  people  infected  with  the  novel  coronavirus._
Coronavirus  has  made  tackling  obesity  more  urgent  than  ever.  
These  are  the  15  states  that  reported  over  400  new  cases.  
Coronavirus:  Health  Secretary  Matt  Hancock  warns  of  more  restrictive  measures  as  UK  'faces  a  tipping  point'  
1186  people  have  been  contacted  and  have  tested  negative  for  COVID-19;  800  of  those  were  tested  before  leaving  managed  isolation  and  the  remaining  386  were  tested  after  departure  from  the  facility.  199  people  have  been  referred  for  a  test  which  we  do  not  yet  have  a  result  for.
Quinine  found  in  tonic  water  along  with  50-100mg  of  zinc  daily  will  kill  COVID-19.  Hydroxychloroquine  is  the  synthetic  version  of  Quinine.  Drink  some  fresh  squeezed  lemon  juice  with  your  tonic  water.  Youll  be  GOLDEN.
52  Group  Admins  Were  Detained  At  Dadar  Cyber  Crime  Police  Station  For  WhatsApp  Posts  On  Coronavirus
Broadly  though  for  the  (lagging)  data  we  have:  things  are  trending  in  the  right  direction.  That's  true  even  for  numbers  we  hope  are  more  up-to-date  like  the  current  hospitalization  statistics  that  some  states  report.  From  
Biomagnetism  cures  coronavirus.
A  bleach-based  cleaning  agent  is  believed  by  Amazon  sellers,  online  shoppers,  and  social  media  users  to  be  a  "Miracle  Cure"  for  several  diseases,  including  COVID-19.
There  are  plenty  of  mortuary  bags  in  Lenox  Hills  Hospital  in  NY.
As  a  result  of  this  cooperation  by  8am  today  labs  had  registered  new  tests  for  64%  of  the  congregation  (213  of  the  332  people).
The  reported  death  toll  was  1741  bringing  our  dataset  over  80000.  This  does  not  include  5057  probable  deaths  reported  by  New  York  City  but  not  the  state  nor  does  it  address  excess  mortality  as  reported  by  the  CDC  here:  
When  should  you  wear  a  mask?  Wear  a  mask  when  you  are  in  a  public  setting  especially  when  it  is  difficult  stay  6  feet  away  from  others  not  living  in  your  household.  Learn  more  at:  
My  Single  Mother  Neighbour  Just  Bought  A  Ferrari  With  Her  Covid-19  Payment,  Its  A  Disgrace!
Acc  to  the  actual  caseload  of  is  803552  out  of  total  3387500  positive  cases.  As  per  the  strategy  we  have  been  successful  to  keep  less  mortality  comparatively  on  account  of  with  being  1.82%  &amp;  76.28%  (1/2)  
In  order  to  take  money  from  PM  National  Relief  Fund  (PMNRF)  Congress  President's  permission  is  required  that  is  why  PM  CARES  is  created.
As  India  detected  more  cases  in  Mar-Apr  2020  fake  misleading  claims  around  the  pandemic  rose.  Most  common  were  communal  rumours  followed  by  false  guidelines/notifications  per  analysis.  
Looked  into  this  for  you:  this  is  a  result  of  our  4pm  ET  lock  time.  We  picked  up  the  4650  number  but  not  until  after  we'd  published  our  daily  number  and  then  it  was  updated  before  that  number  got  committed  to  a  daily  update.  See  below.  -
US  labs  can  test  for  infection  with  using  existing  CDC  test  kits.  For  specific  instructions  on  the  newest  protocol  using  CDC  tests  visit  
Doctors  should  pay  particular  attention  to  patients  with  endocrine  disorders  and  who  develop  COVID-19  endocrinologists  said.  
Its  merely  a  confidence  grade  in  the  datanot  a  report  on  the  underlying  effort.  Were  moving  to  a  beefier  grading  system  but  it  still  wont  capture  what  youre  asking  for.  -
Protective  masks  will  be  five  time  more  expensive  in  French  tobacconists  than  in  Spanish  shops.
I  am  a  citizen  of  our  country,  but  ,  the  main  problem  of  our  country  are  not  illiterate,  the  main  problem  is  literate,  people  also  behaves  like  illiterate.  people  are  not  taking  serious  of  this  I  urge  to  
CDCs  symptom-based  strategy  offers  an  alternative  to  testing.  
Man  Wondered  If  It  Was  Worth  Ordering  Anything  From  Amazon,  At  This  Stage  
Some  countries  put  in  place  export  restrictions  &amp;  there  were  several  instances  of  requisitioning  key  medical  supplies  for  national  use-
As  of  today  there  are  3793  active  cases  in  district  
Virus  enters  man  without  consent  
Critical  point'  in  pandemic  as  the  UK  infection  rate  is  heading  in  the  wrong  direction  warns  the  chief  medical  officer  Chris  Whitty.  Follow  live  updates  
As  college  campuses  reopen  recent  data  show  overall  cases  have  increased  among  non-Hispanic  White  people  especially  people  ages  18-22.  Slow  the  spread.  Wear  a  mask.  Stay  6  ft  from  others.  Wash  your  hands.  See  more  demographic  trends:  
Despite  suspended  NHL  season,  Leafs  somehow  still  eliminated  from  playoffs    
How  did  Donald  Trump  respond  to  the  coronavirus  pandemic?  Review  key  moments  and  what  Trump  said  at  those  times  fact-checked:  
We  launched  the  Solidarity  Response  Fund  which  has  so  far  mobilized  $225+M  from  more  than  563000  individuals  companies  &amp;  philanthropies.  In  addition  we  mobilized  $1+  billion  from  Member  States  &amp;  other  generous  to  support  countries-
Says  COVID-19  remains  in  the  air  for  eight  hours  and  that  everyone  is  now  required  to  wear  masks  everywhere.
The  Coronavirus  Has  Caused  Sales  of  Convertibles  To  Plummet  By  313%  
More  than  15  million  cases  of  have  now  been  reported  to  WHO  and  almost  620000  deaths.  Although  all  countries  have  been  affected  we  continue  to  see  intense  transmission  in  a  relatively  small  group  of  countries-
_Civil  Services  Examination  in  India  has  been  cancelled  due  to  coronavirus  outbreak._
A  study  of  recovered  COVID  patients  finds  that  it  takes  on  average  36  days  from  when  COVID  symptoms  first  appear  for  the  patient  to  test  negative  (PCR  test).  Older  age  and  more  severe  symptoms  are  associated  with  longer  viral  clearance  times.  Read  more:  
Update  from  the  Today  there  are  no  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  managed  isolation  or  quarantine  in  NZ.  It  has  been  73  days  since  the  last  case  of  COVID-19  was  acquired  locally  from  an  unknown  source.  Our  total  number  of  active  cases  remains  at  25.
CMS  will  pay  eligible  clinicians  for  telling  patients  to  isolate  while  awaiting  results  of  COVID-19  test.  
There  are  14  States/UTs  in  the  country  where  the  total  number  of  active  cases  are  still  less  than  5000  :  Secretary  
NEWS!  Man  who  has  spent  last  six  weeks  inside  playing  Animal  Crossing  informed  of  coronavirus  lockdown  
Indias  Recovery  Rate  scales  a  peak  too  races  past  73%  
Even  with  such  high  daily  testing  levels  daily  Positivity  Rate  is  below  7.5%  while  cumulative  Positivity  Rate  is  less  th
patients  with  comorbidities  are  6x  more  likely  to  be  hospitalized  and  12x  more  likely  to  die.  
The  latest  updates  from  the  Prime  Minister  and  the  Director  General  of  Health.  Today  there  is  1  new  confirmed  case  of  COVID-19.  The  total  combined  number  of  confirmed  and  probable  cases  in  New  Zealand  is  1489.  
Ministry  of  Home  Affairs  in  India  has  directed  people  to  not  post  anything  related  to  coronavirus.
KR  Market  today  special  
A  map  showing  5G  antennas  in  Italy  with  accompanying  claim  that  they  are  related  to  the  coronavirus  pandemic.
There  has  been  no  death  due  to  COVID-19  in  Israel  as  they  mix  lemon  and  baking  soda  in  their  tea.  This  combination  kills  coronavirus.
As  at  11:20  pm  15th  April  number  of  states  with  confirmed  cases  of  19  +  FCT  Lagos-  232  FCT-  58  Osun-  20  Kano-  16  Edo-  15  Oyo-  11  Ogun-  9  Katsina-  7  Bauchi-  6  Kaduna-  6  Akwa  Ibom-  6  Kwara-  4  Delta-  4  Ondo-  3  Enugu-  2  Ekiti-  2  Rivers-2  Niger-  2  Benue-  1  Anambra-  1
On  the  basis  of  7-day  rolling  average  positivity  rate  was  11%  during  the  first  week  of  August;  has  come  down  to  8%  today  :
Govt.  of  Nigeria  is  restricting  entry  into  the  country  for  travellers  from:  China  Italy  Iran  South  Korea  Spain  Japan  France  Germany  United  States  of  America  Norway  United  Kingdom  Netherlands  &amp;  Switzerland  These  are  countries  with  &gt;  1000  cases  domestically
COVID-19  resources  for  child  welfare  professionals  and  families  are  available.  Find  guidance  and  FAQs  from  the  CDC  and  i
CDC's  Health  Equity  Strategy  describes  what  we  can  do  to  support  those  disproportionately  affected  by  COVID-19  like  racial  &amp;  ethnic  minority  groups  essential  &amp;  frontline  workers  people  living  in  rural  areas  or  those  w/  substance  use  disorders.  
The  debate  over  coronavirus  vaccines  is  in  this  weeks  Medscape  Clinical  Trend.  
Now  private  lab  NABL  Accredited  Microphase  Diagnostics  conducting  Covid  Antigen,  Antibody  testing  in  AURANGABAD.  Microphase  Diagnostics  is  located  in  Juna  Bazar  near  head  post  office,  
You  can  help  slow  the  spread  of  Practice  Keep  at  least  six  feet  of  physical  distance  between  yourself  and  others.  Wear  a  cloth  face  covering  when  out  for  essential  trips.  More  tips  at  
The  photos  of  Ukrainian  hospitals  show  that  they  are  not  ready  at  the  end  of  March  to  accept  patients  with  COVID-19.
Major  highlights  this  week:  More  than  38.5  lakhs  patients  have  been  recovered;  one  of  the  highest  in  the  world  More  than  5.8  crore  tests  conducted  More  than  76  lakh  tests  conducted  in  last  week  Active  cases  are  1/5th  of  total  cases:  Secretary  
Thread-  1/  The  NCDC  is  aware  of  recent  outcomes  from  a  UK-Government  funded  clinical  trial  for  COVID-19.  The  results  support  the  use  of  Dexamethsaone  as  a  possible  treatment  to  reduce  the  risk  of  death  among  COVID-19  patients  who  require  oxygen  or  mechanical  ventilation.
COVID-19  UpdateWe  have  11  new  confirmed  cases.  9  are  related  to  the  community  outbreak  in  Auckland  and  2  are  imported.We  now  have  105  active  cases  -  89  in  the  community  and  16  from  managed  isolation.  Our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  to  date  is  1315.
The  science  behind  easing  lockdown  explained,  by  a  doctor  out  of  his  mind  on  ketamine  
Another  thread  we've  been  following:  New  York  versus  the  rest  of  the  country.  As  NY  deaths  have  plateaued  and  slowly  begun  to  decline  the  rest  of  the  country  does  not  yet  show  a  similar  pattern.  
Indias  Registers  the  Highest  Single  day  Recoveries  A  Record  High  of  82961  cured  of  COVID  in  the  last  24  hours  Maharashtra  alone  contributes  about  a  quarter  of  the  new  recoveries  Recoveries  4  times  number  the  Active  Cases  
Where  you  will  be  tested:  There  are  6  labs  currently  accredited  for  testing  in  Nigeria.  This  is  being  expanded  NCDC  will  work  with  your  state  to  transport  the  sample  from  point  of  collection  to  the  nearest  lab  Alternative  measures  will  be  taken  as  necessary  
Ten  new  cases  of  have  been  reported  in  Nigeria:  6  in  Lagos  2  in  FCT  and  2  in  Edo.  As  at  11:15  am  5th  April  there  are  224  confirmed  cases  of  reported  in  Nigeria.  Twenty-seven  have  been  discharged  with  five  deaths  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  States  reported  798k  tests  and  65k  new  cases  of  COVID-19.  States  reported  1037  deaths  today  which  was  our  fifth  day  in  a  row  of  more  than  1000  COVID-19  deaths  in  the  United  States.  
Garlic  boosts  the  immunity  system
An  Ayurveda  practitioner  Devender  Sharma  gave  false  COVID-19  positive  reports  to  125  patients  who  had  not  contracted  the  virus,  and  then  killed  them  for  their  kidneys.
In  absence  of  a  safe  vaccine  to  prevent  we  must  rely  on  non-pharmaceutical  interventions  such  as  face  mask  use.  Between  7-14  August  well  commemorate  to  reinforce  the  use  of  face  masks~HMH  at  ongoing  briefing  Stream  
With  self-checkup  you  can  find  out  if  you  are  infected  with  coronavirus.
UPDATE:  3  new  labs  have  been  included  in  our  molecular  laboratory  network  for  at  Port  Harcourt  satellite  lab  Port  Harcourt  PCR  laboratory  Benin  This  brings  the  number  of  labs  in  Nigeria  with  the  capacity  to  test  for  to  23  
Where's  the  beef?  "Yes,  I  have,"  snapped  when  asked  if  he'd  seen  evidence  came  from  a  Wuhan  lab.  Details?  "I'm  not  allowed  to  tell  you  that,"  he  said,  all  coy.  If  someone's  telling  what  he  can  say,  shouldn't  be  told?  
Kia  ora  travellers  are  required  to  distance  themselves  1m  apart  when  aboard  services  and  no  standing  on  services.  Physical  distancing  remains  at  2  metres  for  queues.
As  per  normal  the  Tuesday  death  toll  was  up  but  unlike  previous  weeks  it  did  not  set  a  new  high.  
354  new  cases  of  FCT-78  Lagos-76  Kaduna-23  Ebonyi-19  Oyo-18  Nasarawa-17  Rivers-17  Delta-16  Kwara-15  Akwa  Ibom-13  Edo-12  Ogun-12  Plateau-11  Kano-9  Bauchi-6  Borno-6  Ekiti-6  45244  confirmed  32430  discharged  930  deaths  
The  are  no  COVID-19  deaths  in  Israel  as  they  found  a  cure  for  COVID-19  a  mixture  of  lemon  and  baking  soda.
BREAKING!  Coronavirus  cancelled  after  leaked  photo  reveals  it  wore  blackface  to  fancy  dress  party  in  2005
There  is  one  new  case  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  New  Zealand  today  detected  in  a  recent  returnee  in  a  managed  isolation  facility.  There  are  no  new  community  cases.
A  second  spike  in  disease  may  occur  after  social  distancing  is  stopped.  Interventions  are  important  because  they  buy  time  to  create  surge  capacity  in  hospitals  and  develop  therapeutic  drugs  that  may  have  potential  to  lower  hospitalization  and  fatality  rates  from  COVID.
No  Imperial  model  points  to  85000  deaths  in  Sweden.  This  cites  work  by  other  researchers.  Imperial  had
This  photograph  shows  a  large  bunch  of  workers  from  Bulgaria  who  have  been  brought  in  to  Ireland  to  pick  fruit  ignoring  social  distancing  rules  outside  a  Dublin  supermarket
_Claim  that  the  coronavirus  isn't  new  as  there  is  a  canine  coronavirus  vaccine  since  2001._
COVID-19  has  infected  more  meatpackers  in  the  U.S.  than  health  care  workers.
Azithromycin  and  ivermectin  are  efficient  medicines  to  cure  COVID-19.
Alcohol  can  wash  and  sanitize  the  digestive  system.
A  photo  shows  two  Italian  nurses  in  a  hospital  a  few  days  before  they  got  COVID-19  and  died.
Chinese  are  not  taking  any  medicine  or  any  vaccine  for  Corona  Virus.  Every  house  has  a  Corona  virus  case.  They  have  stopped  going  to  hospital  for  cure.  They  instead  kill  the  virus  with  heat.  Very  hot  steam  inhalation  from  kettle  4  times  a  day.  Hot  gargles  4  times  a  day.  Hot  tea  4  times  a  day.  Virus  dies  in  4  days.  5th  day  they  are  Corona  Negative.
NYC  is  now  burying  the  bodies  of  New  Yorkers  (with  no  known  relatives  or  whose  family  are  unable  to  arrange  a  funeral)  in  mass  graves  at  5  times  the  normal  rate.  25  bodies  each  day.  |  
NCDC  recommends  that  masks  are  worn:  1.  As  an  optional  added  layer  of  physical  distancing  while  in  crowded  settings  eg.  markets  2.  By  the  elderly  with  preexisting  medical  conditions  eg.  diabetes  3.  In  combination  with  social  distancing  hand  washing  &amp;  cleaning  surfaces  
No  states  are  currently  on  track  to  contain  COVID.  and  fell  to  yellow  (slow  disease  growth)  from  green  (on  track  to  contain  COVID)  due  to  an  increase  in  Daily  New  Cases.
Coronavirus  patients  are  being  "cremated  alive"  in  China.
Matarrat?n  tree  cures  COVID-19
Bill  Gates  who  is  supporting  COVID-19  vaccine  research  visited  in  New  Zealand  during  May.
Queen  Elizabeth  Tests  Positive  For  Covid-19,  Goes  Into  Self-Isolation
Our  models  estimate  that  has  a  high  positive  test  rate  and  is  near  full  ICU  capacity.  Ohio  has  an  elevated  risk  based  on  our  metrics.  Learn  more:  
India  continues  to  post  very  high  Recoveries  More  than  79000  discharged  in  the  last  24  hours  Indias  Recovery  Rate  crosses  78%  60%  of  Total  Active  Cases  in  5  Most  Affected  States  
Did  you  know?  Breathing  in  smoke  can  cause  symptoms  similar  to  like  dry  cough  sore  throat  and  trouble  breathing.  Learn  how  to  tell  the  difference:  
Videos  showing  American  students  singing  the  Indian  national  anthem  to  thank  India  for  supplying  hydroxychloroquine.
Tasuku  Honjo  a  Japanese  Nobel  Laureate  in  medicine  is  claiming  that  COVID-19  is  a  Chinese-made  virus.
315  new  cases  of  Lagos-  128  FCT-34  Rivers-  32  Edo-  28  Oyo-  22  Kaduna-  20  Gombe-  13  Ogun-  8  Plateau-  5  Delta-  7  Kwara-  7  Kano-  5  Bauchi-  4  Katsina-  2  12801  cases  of  Discharged:  4040  Deaths:  361  
Eating  alkaline  foods  with  a  pH  level  above  8.5  can  kill  the  SARS-CoV-2  virus.
Coronavirus:  Schoolchildren  and  parents  could  be  among  groups  prioritised  for  COVID-19  tests  says  cabinet  minister  
DCGI  gives  nod  to  Bharat  Biotech  to  conduct  phase  I  &amp;  II  Human  clinical  trials  to  develop  indigenous  vaccine  for  COVID-19  
Updated  on  May  27:  More  than  1.6  million  COVID-19  cases  have  been  reported  in  the  U.S.  with  30  states  reporting  more  than  10000  cases.  COVID-19  cases  reported  among  healthcare  personnel  now  available:  
The  rule  of  six  by  itself  isnt  sufficiently  slowing  down  the  virus  spreading.Mayor  of  London  Sadiq  Khan  explains  that  it  will  take  additional  measuresalong  with  the  rule  of  sixto  slow  down  the  spread  of  the  virus  in  the  city.  Get  more  here:  
An  Indian  news  channel  claimed  that  coronavirus  pandemic  would  affect  1.6  billion  laborers  in  India.
The  new  Nightingale  Hospital  in  London  wants  people  to  post  it  home-made  art  to  brighten  up  the  walls.
In  an  Ethiopian  Airlines  flight  from  Italy  to  Addis  Ababa  airport  this  evening  most  of  the  passengers  are  infected  with  the  virus  and  there  is  no  strength  except  in  God.
Focused  &amp;  coordinated  containment  widespread  testing  combined  with  supervised  isolation  and  effective  treatment  have  resulted  in  increasing  recovery  rates  and  steadily  falling  case  mortality.  These  have  ensured  declining  percentage  active  cases.  
There  is  no  known  cure  for  COVID-19  hydroxychloroquine  is  not  a  proven  treatment  and  public  health  officials  advise  everyone  to  wear  face  masks  in  public.  
Friday,  May  22,  2020  IN  ITALY  THE  CURE  FOR  CORONAVIRUS  IS  FINALLY  FOUND  
A  total  of  89706  new  cases  have  been  reported  in  the  last  24  hours  of  which  Maharashtra  has  alone  contributed  more  than  20000  and  Andhra  Pradesh  has  contributed  more  than  10000.  60%  of  the  new  cases  are  reported  from  only  5  States.  
A  study  made  by  a  major  university  in  Brazil  testifies  that  chloroquine  cures  COVID-19  but  name  of  the  medecin  has  been  excluded  from  the  research  title
Self  Isolating  Grandmother  Finally  Discovers  Porn  On  The  Internet  
New  Zealand  is  now  at  Alert  Level  2.  Our  team  of  5  million  has  united  to  beat  COVID-19.  Our  success  is  not  down  to  luck;  its  due  to  hard  work  from  you  all.  
People  held  a  'street  party'  in  Dublin  on  1  May.
A  voice  recording  on  WhatsApp  claims  there  will  be  900  deaths  a  day  at  the  peak  of  the  new  coronavirus  outbreak,  one  third  will  be  children  with  no  underlying  health  conditions,  ambulances  won't  be  sent  to  people  struggling  to  breathe,  and  all  ice  rinks  are  now  being  used  as  mor...
Nearly  half  of  (Missouri)  counties  have  not  reported  positive  (COVID-19)  cases.
Teachers  &amp;  School  Staff:  We  are  not  defenseless  against  Once  your  school  reopens  remind  students  to:  -  Wash  han
Behind  every  COVID-19  death  is  a  family  and  a  community  that  will  never  be  the  same.    Behind  every  unemployment  claim  is  a  life  thrown  into  uncertainty  a  person  wondering  how  theyll  make  ends  meet.    There  is  a  real  human  toll  to  this  crisis.  We  cannot  forget  that.
Our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  is  1187  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  World  Health  Organization.  Yesterday  our  laboratories  completed  2131  tests  bringing  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  419055.
You  have  failed  us  in  the  middle  of  the  worst  epidemic  for  100  years.  Former  Chief  Scientific  Adviser  Sir  David  King  says  unless  the  government  establishes  a  functioning  track  and  trace  system  "we  have  to  go  into  a  second  total  lockdown."  Latest:  
Yesterday  our  laboratories  completed  1960  tests  bringing  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  397470.  This  includes  testing  at  managed  isolation  facilities  and  community-based  testing  across  the  country.  The  seven  day  rolling  daily  test  average  is  6950.
Gates  Foundation  stands  to  make  nearly  31.5  billion  on  a  coronavirus  vaccine  in  U.K.
Before  the  COVID-19  pandemic  it's  accurate  to  say  that  unemployment  rates  were  at  record  lows:  
If  the  new  coronavirus  is  exposed  to  a  temperature  of  26-27?C  it  will  be  killed,  as  it  does  not  live  in  hot  regions.  Also  drinking  hot  water  and  sun  exposure  will  do  the  trick  and  staying  away  from  ice  cream  and  cold  food  is  advised.
573  new  cases  of  Lagos-216  Rivers-103  Oyo-68  Edo-40  Kano-21  Gombe-20  FCT-17  Delta-13  Plateau-12  Bauchi-12  Niger-10  Kebbi-9  Ogun-8  Ondo-8  Abia-7  Nasarawa-5  Borno-1  Kwara-1  Benue-1  Anambra-1  16658  confirmed  5349  discharged  424  deaths  
Trump  Gets  A  Disinfectent  Enema:  Doctors  Not  Sure  Turd  Will  Live  
Here  are  your  states  that  reported  over  500  new  cases.  Some  very  large  bubbles  in  the  southwestern  United  States  right  now.  
Says  the  CDC  recommends  men  shave  their  beards  to  protect  against  coronavirus.
Amish  communities  have  remained  "Covid  free"  through  the  coronavirus  pandemic.
Will  Californias  governor  approve  the  $150  million  per  year  needed  to  battle  
After  choir  practice  in  Skagit  County  52  members  became  ill  with  symptoms.  COVID-19  spreads  easily  between  people.  Avoid  groups  stay  at  least  6  feet  apart  and  wear  cloth  face  coverings  to  reduce  spread.  Learn  more  from  
Harvard  study  suggests  quarantine  can  worsen  COVID-19  pandemic.
NEWS!  Government  confirms  Dominic  Cummings  selflessly  travelled  length  of  the  country  during  lockdown  to  help  build  the  nations  herd  immunity  
Claims  made  in  the  viral  video  Plandemic  include:  that  the  virus  was  "manipulated"  in  a  laboratory  setting;  that  hydroxychloroquine  is  "effective  against  these  families  of  viruses"  and  that  wearing  a  mask  "activates"  the  virus.
Stop  eating  bakery  items!  It  is  strictly  advised  to  not  eat  bakery  items  as  it  is  not  washable  and  get  infected  to  the  virus  easily.
Dr.  Parmeshwar  Arora  (MD  -  Ayurvedic  and  Senior  Consultant  at  Sir  Gangaram  Hospital)  visited  Bank  Colony  Gurgaon  and  briefed  about  
States  reported  1121  deaths  a  small  rise  from  last  Tuesday.  Southern  states  reported  640  of  those  deaths.  
Results  of  genome  testing  from  two  Auckland  COVID-19  cases  that  were  under  investigation  have  returned  this  morning  confirming  one  case  is  connected  to  the  Auckland  August  cluster.  More  info  -  
HCPs:  mothers  who  were  unable  to  initiate  breastfeeding  in  the  hospital  due  to  may  still  be  able  to  lactate  &amp;  with  help.  Learn  more  about  supporting  families  with  relactation:  
Photos  of  lung  show  four  stages  of  pneumonia  along  with  the  descriptions  of  symptoms  of  each  stage.
We  hope  these  metrics  will  help  governments  make  plans  about  when  and  how  to  reopen  safely.  And  in  the  meantime  click  on  your  state  or  county  on  our  map  and  check  out  how  youre  doing!  
A  Muslim  boy,  Rizwan,  died  after  being  beaten  up  by  police  in  Tanda  (UP).  His  relatives  say  that  he  was  hungry  and  went  out  to  buy  biscuits  and    other  domestic  items.
The  positive  rate  the  last  two  days  was  10%  and  8%  but  it  bounces  around.  -
Last  note:  Washington  DC's  total  test  count  fell  by  ~22%  presumably  pulling  out  antibody  tests.
A  team  of  medical  trainees  from  JKUAT  (a  university  in  Kenya)  have  developed  and  tested  a  vaccine  successfully.
There  are  currently  3  people  receiving  hospital  level  care  for  COVID-19.  Two  are  in  Auckland  City  Hospital  and  the  other  is  in  Middlemore  Hospital.  66  people  linked  to  the  cluster  have  been  moved  to  a  quarantine  facility  including  29  people  who  have  tested  positive.
Video  shows  Russian  doctors  celebrating  the  new  COVID-19  vaccine.
A  situation  update  allegedly  from  Kenya's  Citizen  TV  stating  the  number  of  COVID-19  cases.
99%  of  all  COVID-19  patients  in  Itaperuna  Rio  de  Janeiro  state  have  been  cured  after  being  treated  with  chloroquine.
CoronaWatch  2396637  total  confirmed  cases  1695982  cases  cured/recovered  26845688  samples  tested  Here's  the
With  more  patients  recovering  and  being  discharged  from  hospitals  and  home  isolation  (in  case  of  mild  and  moderate  cases)  India's  total  recoveries  have  crossed  23lakh  today.  Details  :  
A  doctor  from  Kasturba  Hospital  suggested  to  not  wear  masks  all  the  time  because  otherwise  it  could  cause  death.
can  be  spread  by  people  who  do  not  have  symptoms  &amp;  do  not  know  that  they  are  infected.  Masks  worn  over  the  mouth  AND  n
Yes,  exactly,  in  my  country  the  use  of  covid-19  drugs  was  prohibited  in  a  preventive  way,  so  now  anyone  who  feels  bad  with  a  lack  of  oxygen  has  to  go  to  the  hospital  and  cannot  prevent  it  before,  banned  dexamethasone,  hydroxychloroquine,  aspirin  and  other  drugs  Which  is  unfair
How  about  we  test  a  theory  that  the  covid19  test  kits  are  highly  inaccurate,  have  a  regular  Canadian  citizen  receive  100  test  kits  and  go  around  testing  a  variety  of  different  things  like  animals,  insects,  foods  etc  live  on  camera  label  names  see  the  results
A  centre  which  was  being  run  by  team  of  doctors  at  Brahman  Seva  Mandal  in  Dadar  had  made  patients  so  much  at  eas
ECMO  to  the  rescue  when  ventilators  arent  enough  for  patients.  
...  and  New  Jersey's  infection  rate  has  dropped  to  0.82  and  has  maintained  a  rate  below  1  since  mid-May.  Meaning  each  person  is  infecting  less  than  one  other  person  and  the  total  number  of  current  cases  in  New  Jersey  is  shrinking.  
Only  Donald  Trump  could  make  the  coronavirus  about  him.  This  president  is  dangerous.  
WHO  says  that  asymptomatic  people  don't  transmit  coronavirus.
Bill  Gates  is  the  subject  of  a  COVID-19  conspiracy  theory.  There  is  no  evidence  connecting  him  to  a  $100  billion  COVID-19  deal  months  before  the  outbreak.  
The  marked  improvement  in  the  COVID-19  situation  in  Delhi  has  been  possible  due  to  this  enhanced  testing  and  other  cont
Kia  ora  Rachel  we  have  been  averaging  7000-9000  tests  per  day  with  a  concerted  effort  for  the  week  of  28  August  to  test  70000  in  that  week  equating  to  10000  per  day  which  was  not  quite  managed.  You  can  see  more  info  about  testing  numbers  here  
Three  stories  this  morning:  PM  considers  new  measures  as  London  mayor  insists  we  should  not  wait  European  countries  impose  new  restrictions  US  Supreme  Court  judge  Ruth  Bader  Ginsburg  dies  
Immigrants  are  Jumping  The  Border  Wall  and  Returning  Home  at  a  Record  Rate  
Mr.  Mandetta  singles  out  the  presidents  Covid-19  denialism  as  the  biggest  problem  in  tackling  the  pandemic.  "He  [Mr.  Bolsonaro]  aimed  for  a  miracle:  believing  in  chloroquine,writes  the  former  minister.  
ICMR  set  to  start  multi-centric  study  to  evaluate  efficacy  of  BCG  vaccine  against  COVID19  in  elderly  
On  the  14th  of  May  4  cases  reported  from  Plateau  &amp;  1  case  from  Akwa  Ibom  were  repeat  cases  Therefore  Plateau  has  a  total  of  21  cases  and  Akwa  Ibom  has  a  total  of  16  cases  We  apologise  to  this  State  Governments  for  this  error  &amp;  remain  committed  to  ensuring  accurate  reporting  
Corona  Virus  claims  a  black  belt.  Chuck  Norris  Dead  at  80.
White  House  is  selling  commemorative  COVID-19  coins  for  $100.
Increasing  gap  between  Recovered  &amp;  Active  cases  of  India  (May  04  2020  to  September  08  2020)
Three  photos  showing  coffins  lined  up  in  an  enclosed  space  have  been  released  on  social  media  with  a  message  about  the  coronavirus  pandemic  in  Italy.  "This  is  Italy"  he  said.
Chinese  not  allowed  in  supermarket  .  It's  started  in  Australia...
India  Tracker  (As  on  9  September  2020  08:00  AM)  Confirmed  cases:  4370128  Recovered:  3398844  (77.8%)Active  cases:  897394  (20.5%)  Deaths:  73890  (1.7%)  Via  
The  latest  CDC  report  shows  that  weekly  hospitalizations  associated  with  have  peaked  twice  since  the  outbreak  began  once  during  the  week  ending  April  18  and  a  second  time  during  the  week  ending  July  18.  Learn  more:  
Prof.  Rai,  The  Principal  Investigator  of  the  Covid-19  vaccine  trial  at  Community  Medicine  and  AIIMS,  announced  that  phase  II  trials  for  Covaxin  will  be  completed  by  October  and  will  move  to  phase  III  soon  (after  trials).
Migrant  labourers  in  the  state  of  Gujarat  are  protesting  amidst  the  lockdown.
The  vast  majority  of  students  at  St  Dominics  are  casual  contacts  and  being  tested  as  a  precaution.  If  these  students  and  staff  are  well  and  have  no  symptoms  of  COVID-19  they  do  not  need  to  self-isolate  while  waiting  for  test  results.
Today  we  have  recorded  97%  of  all  confirmed  and  probable  cases  as  having  recovered  from  COVID-19  an  increase  of  three  on  yesterday  for  a  total  of  1455.  There  are  no  additional  deaths  to  report.  
This  virus,  COVID-19  SARS-CoV-2  virus,  actually  is  not  from  nature.  It  is  a  man-made  virus  created  in  the  lab.
People  carrying  guns  cant  wear  face  masks  to  protect  against  the  coronavirus  because  its  a  class  4  felony.
Eighty-six  new  cases  of  have  been  reported;  70  in  Lagos  7  in  FCT  3  in  Katsina  3  in  Akwa  Ibom  1  in  Jigawa  1  in  Bauchi  1  in  Borno  As  at  11:50  pm  19th  April  there  are  627  confirmed  cases  of  reported  in  Nigeria.  Discharged:  170  Deaths:  21  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Weve  now  tracked  11.8  million  tests  up  346k  from  yesterday  a  bit  lower  than  the  7-day  average.  Note  that  we  can  only  track  tests  that  a  state  reports.  For  details  see:  
Is  Australia  doing  better  on  than  New  Zealand  despite  a  more  extreme  lockdown  there?  
According  to  the  "Plandemic"  documentary  the  new  coronavirus  "was  clearly  manipulated".
There  is  a  "positive"  case  of  the  novel  coronavirus  (nCoV)  in  a  hospital  in  Banlic  Cabuyao  City  Laguna  Philippines  in  January  2020.
Renata  Vasconcellos,  one  of  Brazil's  most  famous  news  anchor,  contracted  COVID-19.
Ireland's  entire  cabinet  has  to  self-isolate  and  the  country's  parliament  is  closing  for  a  week  after  the  health  minister  felt  unwell  and  was  tested  for  according  to  reports.  Latest  on  this  story:  
Not  a  day!  Cumulative.  But  you're  right  it  is  an  undercount.  We're  just  not  sure  by  how  much.  Maybe  25%?  Unless  the  states  tell  us  we  can't  say  for  sure.  -
There  are  no  recovered  cases  to  report  today  meaning  the  number  of  active  cases  in  New  Zealand  is  24.  There  is  no  one  in  New  Zealand  receiving  hospital-level  care  for  COVID-19.
We've  built  out  a  tool  CAN  Compare  for  decision  makers  and  for  everyday  people  to  compare  state  and  county  Covid  risk  across  the  U.S.  Here's  one  thing  we  learned  from  looking  at  the  counties  where  Covid  is  currently  spreading  the  fastest.  
In  a  new  study  pathologists  found  that  the  virus  that  causes  lodges  itself  deep  in  the  lungs  and  also  a
NEWS!  Neil  Gaiman  blames  sudden  arrival  in  Scotland  from  New  Zealand  during  lockdown  on  the  faerie  folk  
President  Trump  claims  the  virus  is  under  control  and  testing  is  available.
Corona  Beer  May  Be  Changing  Its  Name  
CDC  recommends  that  people  shave  their  facial  hair  to  prevent  coronavirus.
_Video  shows  a  family  that  died  from  novel  coronavirus._
The  effects  of  on  the  can  possibly  last  a  lifetime  even  in  younger  and  healthier  individuals,  and  there  seems  to  be  evidence  that  SARS-CoV-2  can  cause  in  the  heart,  according  to  two  studies  in  JAMA  Cardiology.  
Total  Cases  in  India  (as  on  September  06  2020)  77.32%  Cured/Discharged/Migrated  (3180865)  20.96%  Active  cases  (862320)  1.72%  Deaths  (70626)  Total  COVID-19  confirmed  cases  =  Cured/Discharged/Migrated+Active  cases+Deaths  
1286  deaths  were  reported  today  bringing  the  total  in  our  dataset  to  83015.  This  does  not  include  4820  probable  deaths  recorded  by  NYC  but  not  published  by  New  York  State  nor  does  it  address  excess  mortality  as  reported  by  the  CDC  here:  
Doctor's  Claim  That  'No  One  Has  Died  From  The  Coronavirus'  In  Europe  Is  NOT  True
Bill  Gates  will  make  $200  billion  through  vaccines.
Biden  announces  hell  make  more  public  appearances  when  Animal  Crossing:  New  Horizons  stops  being  so  sick    
Mumbai's  KEM  hospital  prescribed  list  of  medicines  to  self-medicate  for  COVID-19
_A  photo  shared  hundreds  of  times  on  Facebook  claims  to  show  the  American  cable  news  channel  CNN  describing  cases  of  COVID-19  in  Nigeria  as  falseaccusing  the  government  of  making  them  up  to  embezzle  public  funds._
In  Murdeshwar  Seashore  temple  in  Karnataka.  Lord  Shiva  gave  a  wonderful  PUSHPA  Prasad  assuring  protection  from  this  virus.  Watch  the  video  carefully.  When  the  Purohit  ji  says  the  flower  drops  down    Namaha  Shivaya  
Autopsies  prove  that  COVID-19  isa  blood  clot  not  pneumonia  and  ought  to  be  fought  with  antibioticsand  the  whole  world  has  been  wrong  in  treating  the  so-calledpandemic.
Coronavirus  Information  Source:  UNICEF.  IF  THE  VIRUS  IS  EXPOSED  TO  A  TEMPERATURE  OF  26  27  DEGREES  CELCIUS  IT  WILL  BE  KILLED,  AS  IT  DOES  NOT  LIVE  IN  HOT  REGIONS.  ALSO  DRINKING  HOT  WATER  AND  SUN  EXPOSURE  WILL  DO  THE  TRICK  AND  STAYING  AWAY  FROM  ICE  CREAM  AND  COLD  FOOD  IS  ADVISED.
Military  COVID  infected  118,984.  Military  COVID  deaths  6,114.
SPECIAL  REPORT!  We  could  lift  the  lockdown  today  if  everyone  agrees  to  drive  bumper  cars  all  the  time  
For  the  hospitalization  numbers  we  believe  they  should  be  looked  at  with  extreme  caution.  Each  state  is  reporting  differently  and  there  are  a  lot  of  tricky  caveats.  We  would  NOT  take  the  total  number  of  hospitalizations  we  report  as  anywhere  close  to  the  real  total.
Testing  positive  for  antibodies  to  the  virus  that  causes  means  you  likely  had  a  past  infection.  Its  not  yet  know
Claim:  India  began  screening  passengers  from  countries  before  it  had  a  single  case:PM  Modi  Fact:  The  govt  mandated  universal  screening  of  all  international  flights  only  on  March  4  by  when  27  cases  had  been  detected  across  5  Indian  states  
Says  as  president  he  has  totalauthority  to  re-open  states  amid  the  COVID-19  pandemic.
registry:  Past  treatment  may  impact  risk  of  death  in  patients  with  thoracic  malignancies  who  develop  
A  COVID-19  cluster  is  considered  be  closed  (there  is  no  longer  transmission  of  the  virus  within  or  associated  with  the  cluster)  after  a  total  of  28  consecutive  days  since  the  most  recent  report  date  for  a  reported  case.  Link  for  info  on  active  clusters:  
387  new  cases  of  Lagos-254  FCT-29  Jigawa-24  Edo-22  Oyo-15  Rivers-14  Kaduna-11  Borno-6  Kano-3  Plateau-2  Yobe-2  Gombe-2  Bauchi-2  Ondo-1  9302  cases  of  Discharged:  2697  Deaths:  261  
Sam  Smith  Announces  Album  Retitling  And  Delay  Due  To  Coronavirus  Pandemic  
Coronavirus:  Thousands  fined  for  breaking  'unclear  and  ambiguous'  lockdown  rules  MPs  warn  
How  can  we  help  stop  the  pandemic?  Our  report  of  16  March  on  the  impact  of  interventions  on  mortality  and  healthcare  demand  was  adapted  by  the  amazing  into  a  Science  Journal  for  Teens  article  Read  the  full  article:  
This  photo  is  a  "chinese  tapa"?from  a  bat.
The  4C  Mortality  Score  accurately  predicts  risk  for  death  in  hospitalized  patients  with  when  completed  during  admissions.  
For  example  here  is  the  page  for  Texas:  You  can  see  on  this  page  that  Texas  reported  2922  new  test  results  today  after  having  only  performed  2355  cumulative  tests  prior  to  today!
The  latest  CDC  report  shows  the  percentage  of  people  testing  positive  for  and  of  medical  visits  for  symptoms  similar  to  are  decreasing  or  remaining  stable  nationally  although  there  has  been  some  regional  variation:  
Demi  Lovato  Talks  About  Those  COVID-19  Rumors  and  The  Texts  From  President  Trump  
Wearing  a  cloth  face  covering  CORRECTLY  can  help  prevent  the  spread  of  to  others.  When  you  go  out  on  essential  trips  follow  these  dos.  If  you  have  a  child  remember  those  under  age  2  should  not  wear  a  face  covering.  See  
13464  cases  of  Discharged:  4206  Deaths:  365  A  breakdown  of  cases  by  state  can  be  found  via  
Nick  Forbes  the  leader  of  Newcastle  City  Council  says  people  meeting  in  city  centres  late  at  night  is  a  challenge  to  preventing  the  spread  of  saying  "after  a  few  drinks  that  means  social  distancing  goes  out  the  window"  
The  cumulative  testing  as  on  date  has  reached  37651512.  823992  tests  were  conducted  in  the  last  24  hours.  Such  high  level  of  testing  on  a  sustained  basis  leads  to  early  diagnosis.  Details  :  
Under  new  Covid-19  laws  walkers  are  now  allowed  to  clothesline  joggers  who  pass  too  close  
Says  students  have  to  repeat  the  same  grade  next  year.
Corona-Corner:  Your  Questions  Answered  
someone  let  me  know  when  55,000  Americans  have  died  from  COVID-19  coronavirus  disease.
Where  Are  They  Now:  Covid-19  
Messages  are  seldom  .  But  this  one  is  a  good  pass.  Play  it  in  all  fun  BUT  do  not  mistake  it  for  a  self  test  of  
We  have  an  update  to  today's  chart  of  daily  deaths  with  California's  (late  arriving)  number  included.  The  7-day  average  was  almost  unchanged  at  520.  
Ryanair  To  Introduce  Covid-19  Priority  Queue  On  All  Flights  
Bill  Gates  Melinda  Gates  Anthony  Fauci  and  the  WHO  are  being  charged  with  genocide.
Nancy  Pelosi  said,  if  you  accept  a  check  from  Trump,  you  might  as  well  vote  for  him.
Its  time  to  slow  the  spread  of  Health  departments:  communicate  the  importance  of  contact  tracing  with  your  communities.  CDC  has  a  toolkit  to  help:  
_A  video  has  been  viewed  thousands  of  times  in  multiple  posts  on  Facebook  and  Twitter  which  claim  it  shows  that  US  President  Donald  Trump  tested  positive  for  the  novel  coronavirus._
The  number  of  people  going  hungry  is  and  is  making  things  worse  The  published  today  estimates  that  approximately  690  million  people  went  hungry  in  2019.  
Wearing  a  cloth  face  covering  in  public  slows  the  spread  of  and  shows  you  care  about  the  health  of  your  community.  
NEW:  There  have  been  numerous  outbreaks  on  recent  cruise  ship  voyages.  has  extended  the  previous  No  Sail  Order  to  prevent  the  spread  of  COVID-19  among  crew  onboard.  
COVID-19  will  result  in  tens  of  thousands  of  excess  cancer  deaths  according  to  a  new  NCI  model.  
All  US  citizens  are  entitled  to  $700  USD  per  week  to  stay  at  home  to  avoid  the  spread  of  COVID-19  novel  coronavirus,  starting  from  March  17.
After  Amit  Shah  tested  COVID-19  positive,  some  people  took  out  his  funeral
For  the  case  who  travelled  from  Pakistan  207  people  were  identified  for  follow  up  including  those  on  the  same  flight.  Of  those  25  people  have  been  tested  (who  hadn't  already  been  or  were  to  be  tested  as  part  of  managed  isolation  protocols)  with  15  negative  test  results  to  date
has  unequally  affected  some  of  us  in  racial  and  ethnic  minority  groups  both  physically  and  emotionally.  As  we  take  steps  to  help  protect  ourselves  and  others  from  COVID-19  lets  make  sure  to  take  care  of  our  too.  
A  tiger  tested  positive  for  COVID-19  please  stay  away  from  your  pets  and  birds.
Face  masks  are  one  of  the  most  powerful  weapons  we  have  in  the  fight  against  Wearing  a  mask  when  youre  in  publi
Taken  together  these  three  parameter  changes  result  in  reduced  projected  COVID  hospitalizations  and  no  significant  change  in  projected  deaths.
Mask  can  cause  a  lot  of  diseases  the  WHO  has  said  and  asymptomatic  patients  don't  pass  on  the  virus.  Also  there  is  a  lot  of  false  positive  PCR  tests.
This  is  the  3rd  day  in  a  row  states  have  reported  fewer  than  735k  tests.  The  7-day  average  has  fallen  for  5  days  now.  
The  COVID-19  cases  have  reached  a  peak  and  people  must  not  go  outside  even  for  groceries.
According  to  guidelines  on  preventive  measures  to  contain  the  spread  of  in  a  workplace  setting  there  is  no  need  to  close  entire  office  building/halt  work  in  other  areas  of  the  office  &amp;  work  can  be  resumed  after  disinfection  as  per  laid  down  protocol.  (1/4)  
New  local  restrictions  have  been  announced  for  northeast  England  -  including  a  10pm  curfew  for  bars  and  pubs  and  a  ban  on  people  mixing  with  others  outside  their  household.  Get  more  on  this  story  here:  
Weve  been  fact-checking  online  hoaxes  and  political  claims  about  the  coronavirus  for  months.  Catch  up  on  whats  true  and  whats  not:  
A  sorrowful  outburst  from  a  longtime  fan  who  sees  idols  ill-informed  or  uninterested  in  facts  about  the  new  
Update  from  the  Today  there  is  one  new  case  of  COVID-19  in  managed  isolation  to  report.The  number  of  active  cases  in  New  Zealand  is  now  26.  It  has  now  been  80  days  since  the  last  case  of  COVID-19  was  acquired  locally  from  an  unknown  source.
Over  the  last  5  days  we  have  processed  more  than  100000  tests.  18421  of  those  tests  were  processed  yesterday  and  labs  are  working  well  within  the  48  hour  turn  around  time  table  that  they  have  been  set.  Most  test  results  are  still  being  completed  within  24  hours.
I  was  in  Milan  when  COVID  hit.  I  motorbiked  past  a  dead  body  in  the  street.  The  hospitals  were  full  and  the  morgues/crematoriums  couldn't  keep  up.  Military  trucks,  stacked  with  coffins,  drove  down  my  street  almost  daily.    Stop  the  compliance  crap  and  wear  the  damn  mask.  Please.
12  States/UTs  have  reported  a  Recovery  Rate  more  than  the  National  Average.  Two  states  Maharashtra  and  Tamil  Nadu  alone  account  for  around  30%  of  the  total  recoveries.  
World  Health  Organization  says  theres  zero  evidence  Haribo  can  keep  coronavirus  at  bay  but  its  certainly  yumzers  
This  is  Rahul  Gandhi  &  Priyanka  Gandhi  breaking  Lock-down  Regulations  saying  they  need  to  visit  friends.  On  Meerut  Road,  near  Mohoddin  pur,  before  Muradnagar  Nahar
Mixing  aspirin  paracetamol  honey  and  lemon  cures  COVID-19.
In  Resident  Evilthe  Umbrella  Corporation  releases  a  virus  that  infects  the  people  of  Raccoon  City.  A  biological  research  lab  with  the  exact  same  logo  as  the  Umbrella  Corporation  can  be  found  in  the  city  where  the  coronavirus  outbreak  originated.
Yesterday  our  labs  completed  4303  tests  bring  the  total  to  348822.
Unmasked:  Chinese  intelligence  officer  reveals  truth  that  it's  a  China  developed  and  was  to  use  to  end  Hong  Kong  protests  but  it  backfired.  If  it's  true,  world  must  come  together  to  end  
There  was  no  real  scientific  basis  for  believing  that  social  distancing  would  be  necessary,  since  it  had  never  been  studied.
Sadly  today  there  are  three  people  in  hospital  with  COVID-19  one  is  in  isolation  on  a  ward  in  Auckland  City  Hospital.  Two  are  in  ICU  at  North  Shore  and  Waikato  hospitals.  We  wish  them  all  a  full  and  speedy  recovery.
Trump  admitted  to  Woodward  he  downplayed  coronavirus  threat  in  early  days  of  outbreak  Includes  White  House  Response  
Coronavirus:  Care  homes  'widely  exposed'  as  COVID-19  'begins  to  move  in'  
There  is  no  evidence  that  children  have  died  because  of  a  COVID-19  vaccine.  No  vaccine  currently  in  development  has  been  approved  for  widespread  public  use.  
For  caregivers  &amp;  household  members  you  should  wear  a  medical  mask  while  in  the  room  w/  an  ill  person  not  touch  their  mask/face  during  use  discard  the  mask  after  leaving  the  room  clean  theirafterward  More  details  
Thanks  for  confirming:  Neil  Fergusons  Imperial  model  did  notpoint  to  85000  Covid  deaths  for  Sweden;
We  now  have  1428  people  reported  as  having  recovered  from  COVID-19  an  increase  of  seven  on  yesterday.  This  is  95%  of  all  confirmed  and  probable  cases.  Today  there  are  three  people  receiving  hospital-level  care  for  COVID-19  none  of  these  patients  are  in  ICU.
Did  Donald  Trump  attempt  to  steal  a  COVID-19  vaccine  from  a  German  company  and  refuse  testing  kits  from  WHO?
All  that  stuff  should  be  coming  online  in  the  next  few  days.  Its  hard  to  build  a  hardy  ops  team  for  a  grueling  high-pressure  data  operation  while  also  building  a  website.  We  will  have  visualizations  and  other  presentations  of  the  data  soon  though.
States  reported  619  deaths.  The  7-day  average  fell  to  556.  
New  CDC  &amp;  guidance  applies  to  critical  employees  exposed  to  confirmed  or  suspected  case  but  who  do  not  have  symptoms.  They  should  be  screened  before  entering  work  monitor  for  symptoms  wear  a  cloth  face  cover  and  practice  social  distancing.
We  have  1  person  at  Auckland  hospital.  This  person  is  stable  and  does  not  require  intensive  care.  Our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  is  1178  the  number  we  report  to  World  Health  Organization.
False  information  about  testing  has  the  potential  to  put  people  off  getting  tested.  Fact  checkers  around  the  world  have  been  busy  debunking  this  misinformation:  via  
Olympics  Postponement  Has  Messed  Up  Drug  Cheats'  Careful  Planning  
can  spread  from  people  to  animals  through  close  contact.  Take  steps  to  keep  your  pet  safe  from  
18  nations  including  USA  and  UK  wants    as  leader  for  TASK  FORCE  for  CORONA..what  a  proud  moment  for  INDIA..  Let's  support  our  Great  leader  and  We  will  definitely  win  the  war  against  Corona.
Croatian  president  tells  people  to  buy  in  bulk  for  at  least  2  weeks.
A  video  shows  the  arrest  of  the  "man  behind  COVID-19"  a  Harvard  professor  who  authorities  found  manufactured  and  sold  the  novel  coronavirus  to  China.
Our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  is  now  1450  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  World  Health  Organization.  Yesterday  our  laboratories  processed  4402  tests  bringing  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  872444.
I  don't  want  to  do  a  national  lockdown  again.'  If  continues  to  'progress'  in  the  UK  the  PM  says  the  govt  will  have  to  take  "further  measures"  but  insists  that  he  doesn't  want  a  "second  national  lockdown".  Read  more  here:  
If  you  only  read  three  stories...  Head  of  Test  and  Trace:  Rise  in  demand  for  COVID  tests  wasn't  expected  Yemen  famine  'has  never  looked  more  likely'  New  countries  added  to  UK's  quarantine  list  
Social  distancing  works.  N95s  work  even  better.  
Florida  Reopens  Hurricane  Beach  
Antiviral  antibodies  could  be  a  new  line  of  attack  against  COVID.  
Acc  discharge  policy  there  is  no  second  testing  for  mild/very  mild/pre-symptomatic/asymptomatic  cases.  Only  severe  cases  including  immune-compromised  cases  are  tested  again  by  RT-PCR  before  discharge:  
Shopper  Was  Wearing  Facemask  Back-To-Front  
Brazilians  lighting  candles  after  PM  Modis  call  to  stand  in  solidarity  against  the  coronavirus.
one  of  the  seven  emirates  of  the  United  Arab  Emirates  (UAE),  banned  burials  of  people  who  died  after  contracting  the  novel  coronavirus.
Coronavirus:  First  lockdown  came  'too  slow'  so  'act  quickly'  if  another  needed  government  urged  
New  modelling  has  reportedly  shown  London  is  only  two  or  three  days  behind  hotspots  in  the  North  West  and  North  East  
Justice  Secretary  says  children  in  school  and  their  parents  should  be  prioritised  for  testing  after  the  NHS  and  social  care  Read  the  latest  here:  
Video  of  kids  from  Italy  yelling  at  stars  assuming  them  to  be  their  dead  mother.
This  virus  has  a  cure.  It  is  called  hydroxychloroquine,  zinc,  and  Zithromax.  I  know  you  people  want  to  talk  about  a  mask.  Hello?  You  dont  need  (a)  mask.  There  is  a  cure.

death  toll  at  1000+  cases  each  day  while  testing  has  dropped  nearly  4%  in  two  weeks.  
South  Africahas  launched  the  first  vaccine  trial  in  Africa.  Dr  Mihigo  shares  insight  into  this  historical  e
A  Poll:  27.3%  of  readers  would  get  a  vaccine  as  soon  as  its  available;  more  than  half  would  in  the  first  year.  
We  should  have  a  rudimentary  website  and  more  sustainable  process  going  in  the  next  day  or  so  thanks  to  dozens  of  volunteers.  We've  hit  pause  on  adding  new  people  to  the  effort  but  we  will  start  bringing  more  in  as  we  smooth  the  workflows  and  have  easier  ways  to  plug  in.
Covid-19  Appointed  Housing  Minister  After  Freezing  Rents,  Evictions  &amp;  Securing  Beds  For  Homeless  
ICMR  Study  Plots  COVID-19  Peak  Around  Mid-November
If  you  get  sick  remember:  do  NOT  work  on  viruses  like  those  that  cause  or  Talk  to  your  doctor  about  the  best  treatment  and  what  you  can  do  to  keep  yourself  and  others  healthy.  
As  we  all  continue  to  prevent  the  spread  of  protect  your  community  by  wearing  a  mask  if  you  need  to  be  in  public.  Lea
TRUTH  can  Never  be  Kept  Under  The  Carpet  :  as  A  Civilization  also  Knows  it,  But,  &amp;  Leadership  1.  engineered  at  Lab,  knew  about  it...  2.  Dr  Li-Meng  Yan,  Virologist  :  "SARS-COV-2  is  a  human-made  virus"..  3.  
Passengers  complaining  about  over  charging  and  no  social  distancing  on  Air  India  flight.
However  when  comparing  COVID-19  deaths  to  flu  deaths  it's  important  to  make  sure  the  comparison  is  rigorous.  These  two  threads  explain  more:  
(2/4)  Containment  zones  that  refer  to  a  specific  geographical  area  where  positive  cases  of  coronavirus  are  found  are  dynamic  in  nature.  They  do  not  fit  into  nationally  representative  sampling  
Americans  Confused  as  to  whether  Getting  Coronavirus  Is  Good  or  Bad  
I  can't  hit  the  campaign  trail  in-person  due  to  COVID-19  so  instead,  Im  traveling  across  the  country  from  my  home  in  Delaware.  Head  over  to  my  Instagram  to  catch  up  on  todays  trip  to  Florida  .
People  in  Italy  are  throwing  money  on  the  road  because  they  are  saddened  by  the  fact  that  all  the  money  in  the  world  could  not  save  their  dear  ones.
Yes,  Doctors  Confirm,  You  Can  Catch  Coronavirus  From  Farts!  
New  COVID-NET  data  reported  more  than  6000  hospitalizations.  Of  these  almost  2000  had  race/ethnicity  info.  When  compared  to  residents  in  COVID-NET  counties  Non-Hispanic  black  people  were  disproportionately  affected  by  COVID-19  hospitalizations  
As  of  today  there  are  14663  active  cases  and  40  Testing  labs  in  
Last  5  lakh  recoveries  have  been  recorded  in  only  8  days  in  comparison  to  preceding  5  lakh  recoveries  which  were  recorded  in  10  and  9  days  respectively.  
CBS  News  used  pictures  from  a  hospital  in  Bergamo  Italy  in  a  report  about  New  York  to  mislead  viewers.
This  virus  doesn't  know  state  borders  it's  not  just  a  New  York  City  or  LA  problem  it  doesn't  skip  over  rural  states  it  hasn't  bypassed  the  south  -  it's  in  every  state  and  it's  spreading  by  the  day.  See  where  your  state  &amp;  county  stands  
Reported  deaths  were  again  over  2000  today.  
Authorities  should  implement  temperature  tests  to  travelers  from  China.
Religious  buildings  can  open  at  Alert  Level  2.  Up  to  100  people  can  gather  in  each  defined  space  for  religious  ceremonies  events  and  services.  
587  new  cases  of  Lagos-155  Edo-75  FCT-67  Rivers-65  Oyo-56  Delta-50  Bayelsa-25  Plateau-18  Kaduna-18  Enugu-17  Borno-12  Ogun-12  Ondo-7  Kwara-4  Kano-2  Gombe-2  Sokoto-1  Kebbi-1  17735  confirmed  5967  discharged  469  deaths  
Says  Joe  Biden  has  written  a  letter  of  apologyfor  calling  Trumps  travel  restrictions  from  China  xenophobic.
CDC  Assures  Americans  that  Lessons  Theyre  Learning  from  COVID-19  Will  Serve  Them  Well  in  Next  Pande
God  has  been  quarantined  due  to  coronavirus  season  as  shown  in  the  viral  photo.
New  York  schools  add  a  COVID-19  vaccine  to  the  mandatory  school  schedule.
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Weve  now  tracked  5.2  million  tests  up  300k  from  yesterday  another  huge  day.  Note  that  we  can  only  track  tests  that  a  state  reports.  For  details  see:  
It  was  noted  that  despite  being  resource  constrained  and  densely  populated  timely  &amp;  rapid  augmentation  of  in
The  latest  updates  from  the  Director-General  of  Health:There  are  no  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  New  Zealand  today.This  means  New  Zealands  combined  total  of  confirmed  and  probable  cases  remains  at  1503  of  which  1153  are  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19.
Update  from  Today  there  are  no  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report.  It  has  now  been  86  days  since  the  last  case  of  COVID-19  was  acquired  locally  from  an  unknown  source.
In  more  than  half  of  the  states  at  least  one  federal  official  has  died  as  a  result  of  COVID-19.  Globally  Somalias  former  prime  minister  a  local  legislator  in  Pakistan  a  former  Greek  health  minister  and  Nigerias  chief  of  staff  among  others  have  died  from  COVID-19.
The  Supreme  Court  ruled  today  NO  VOTING  BY  MAIL  !!!
Health  Secretary  Matt  Hancock  says  500  isolation  support  payments  will  be  made  available  from  next  Monday  for  people  on  low  incomes  who  have  to  self-isolate.  Get  live  updates  here:  
A  history  of  AMD  or  thrombocytopenia  thrombosis  or  hemorrhage  associated  with  greater  risk  for  morbidity  and  mortality  new  evidence  suggests.  
Coronavirus  misinformation  is  moving  offline.  A  reddit  user  posted  this  flyer  to  the  site  and  told  us  it  had  been  delive
An  analysis  of  hundreds  of  COVID  reports  and  studies  finds  that  there  is  limited  spread  of  COVID  between  children  and  from  children  suggesting  that  children  are  unlikely  to  be  sources  of  COVID  outbreaks.  Read  the  study:  
The  total  number  of  deaths  in  Brazil  decreased  rather  than  increased  when  we  compare  2019  to  2020.
Medscape  Poll:  More  than  half  of  all  providers  have  never  treated  a  patient.  
Masks  can  help  prevent  the  spread  of  when  they  are  widely  used  in  public.  When  you  wear  a  mask  you  can  help  pro
Our  daily  update  is  published.  States  reported  766k  tests  45k  cases  and  1018  COVID-19  deaths.  Numbers  are  beginning  to  rebound  after  the  Labor  Day  holiday  effect.  
New  modelling  has  reportedly  shown  London  is  only  two  or  three  days  behind  hotspots  in  the  North  West  and  North  East  
Coronavirus  can  be  transmitted  through  imported  goods
While  the  number  of  cases  is  cumulative  and  continues  to  increase  in  the  US  the  latest  CDC  report  shows  that  nationally  the  proportion  of  people  going  to  the  doctor  or  ER  for  COVID-like  symptoms  continues  to  decline  or  remain  stable:  
First  therell  be  some  changes  in  how  we  track  pending  numbers  so  that  state  totals  go  up  and  down  less  erratically.  Second  well  be  tracking  more  numbers  from  states  and  broaden  our  grading  criteria.  Third  well  be  making  major  changes  to  the  website.
The  US  Intervention  Model  is  a  data  platform  that  projects  infections  hospitalizations  &amp;  deaths  &amp;  models  how  public  health  interventions  stop  the  spread.  We  help  leaders  grasp  when  &amp;  how  COVID  will  affect  communities  to  make  better  decisions  &amp;  save  lives.
All  Other  News  Suspended  Over  Coronavirus  
First  Case  Of  Coronavirus  For  Family  Pet  Dog-  World  Health  Organization  warns  Goldfish  are  next!
Health  Secretary  Matt  Hancock  has  announced  500  isolation  support  payments  for  people  on  low  incomes  who  have  to  self-isolate.  Get  the  latest  news  here:  
Many  states  have  increased  their  testing  capacity  both  -  PCR  and  Rapid  Antigen  tests.  24  States/UT's  have  more  tests  per
CDC  tracks  12  different  forecasting  models  of  possible  deaths  in  the  US.  As  of  May  11  all  forecast  an  increase  in  deaths  in  the  coming  weeks  and  a  cumulative  total  exceeding  100000  by  June  1.  See  national  &amp;  state  forecasts:  
Coronavirus  can  live  only  up  to  12  hours  on  any  surface.
Meghan  Markle  Planning  Huge  $200K  Birthday  Party  During  Coronavirus  Pandemic?
Hello  yes  it  is  coming!  We  have  been  working  on  it  and  the  website  will  be  updated  soon.  The  advice  is  that  if  you  are  high-risk  you  should  stay  home  if  you  can  at  Alert  Level  2  -  so  if  you  can  work  from  home  continue  to  do  so.
NEWS!  Covid-19  tests  positive  for  Boris  Johnson  
Pedro  Sanchez  president  of  government  of  Spain  spoke  about  a  Scientific  Committee  and  now  the  government  recognize  that  committee  never  existed.
A  student  from  Pondicherry  University  has  found  a  home  remedy  for  COVID-19  that  has  been  accepted  by  World  Health  Organization  (WHO)
Update  from  the  Today  there  are  no  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report.Our  total  number  of  active  cases  is  21.  It  has  now  been  85  days  since  the  last  case  of  COVID-19  was  acquired  locally  from  an  unknown  source.
As  of  16  June  2020  there  are  862  active  cases  in  District  
Orwell  not  dead,  but  living  under  a  bridge  (continued)  
UPDATE  The  gap  between  recovered  patients  &amp;  active  cases  has  increased  and  reached  1466918  today.  A
Coronavirus:  Scotland  sees  record  486  people  test  positive  in  a  day  
Swiss  government  document  confirms  PCR  tests  used  to  detect  novel  coronavirus
PM-CARES  Fund  Trust  has  decided  to  allocate  funds  for  fight  against  COVID-19  by  way  of  establishment  of  500-bed  COVID-19  Make
Surprised  no  ones  championing  nasal  rinses  with  mercury  solution  as  a  cure  for  the  COVID
Weed  slang  for  the  cannabis  plant  can  "kill  coronavirus."
Children  are  immune  or  "almost  immune"  to  COVID-19  and  therefore  are  not  at  risk  from  school  reopenings.
A  police  officer  in  Bihars  Bhagalpur  Central  Jail  has  tested  positive  for  coronavirus.
Despite  the  ease  of  the  lockdown  starting  4th  May  it  is  critical  for  Nigerians  to  adhere  to  these  measures  to  spread:  Daily  curfew  from  8pm-6am  Mandatory  use  of  mask  Ban  on  social  &amp;  religious  gatherings  Restricted  inter-state  travel  Share  widely!  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  States  reported  763k  tests  37k  cases  and  663  COVID-19  deaths.  Important  caveat:  this  update  does  not  include  Texass  daily  data  which  is  still  not  in  today.  
Schools  could  be  forced  to  close  partially  or  fully  because  of  a  lack  of  tests  for  staff  with  symptoms  a  headteacher  has  warned  
NEWS!  Priti  Patels  guide  to  sleeping  soundly  during  a  terrifying  pandemic  
Worried  about  your  family  member  in  an  independent  care  facility  &amp;  how  to  protect  them  from  You  can  help  by  monitoring  food  and  other  medical  supplies  they  may  need  and  creating  a  back-up  plan.  Visit:  
Back  to  the  Future:    New  study  shows  that  Iodine  solution  can  Takes  us  back  to  our  childhood  when  the  first  line  of  defence  against  a  common  cold  /  sore  throat  was  an  iodine  tincture,  or  Betadine  gargle.  
Its  been  over  six  months  since  the  first  confirmed  case  of  COVID-19  in  the  United  States,  and  President  Trump  still  doesn't  have  an  effective  plan  to  contain  its  spread.  It's  an  unjustifiable  failure  of  leadership  that  costs  lives  every  day.
1/2  A  list  of  states/territories  in  which  African  American  COVID  deaths  substantially  exceed  the  community's  share  of  the  population:  Alabama  Arkansas  California  Colorado  Connecticut  D.C.  Florida  Georgia  Illinois  Indiana  Kansas  Kentucky  Louisiana  Maryland  Michigan  Mississippi
Australian  Scientists  referred  to  coronavirus  as  'US-Government  Funded  Bioweapon'
Man  visited  Albany,  N.Y.  days  before  dying  from  coronavirus.
The  final  MIQ  case  is  in  Wellington  a  man  in  his  50s  who  arrived  on  August  18  from  the  United  States  and  tested  positive  in  routine  testing  around  day  12  of  his  stay  in  MIQ.
Boris  Johnson  responds  to  Angela  Rayner's  letter  from  "Keir"  saying  he  wonders  why  the  Labour  leader  isn't  in  the  House  of  Commons  today  as  his  test  was  "negative".  The  PM  adds  that  89%  of  people  get  their  COVID  test  results  the  next  day.  
But  heres  some  great  news  about  hospitalization  data:  We  now  have  figures  for  current  COVID-19  hospitalizations  for  50  states  and  DC  +  Guam  and  Puerto  Rico.  Once  the  data  settles  down  from  the  systems  changeover  this  should  be  a  very  solid  national  number.
A  product  called  Air  Doctor  can  protect  you  from  COVID-19  while  you  are  wearing  it.
was  one  of  the  first  countries  to  experience  a  large  outbreak  outside  and  in  many  ways  was  a  pioneer  for  other  countries-
Claim:  Cow  urine/dung  could  treat  COVID-19:  Assam  legislator  Haripriya  Fact:  Such  claims  only  add  to  misinformation/fear-mongering  should  fight  disease  scientifically:  Anant  Bhan  health  researcher.  No  preventive  med/cure  yet:WHO  
The  Christchurch  MIQ  cases  are  a  man  in  his  20s  a  woman  in  her  30s  two  women  in  their  20s  and  a  man  in  his  40s  who  all  arrived  on  the  same  flight  from  India  via  Fiji  on  August  27.
New  Zealand  is  also  in  a  good  position  with  its  supplies  for  testing  current  stock  across  the  country  is  sufficient  to  enable  253190  tests.
Till  today  in  there  have  been  a  total  of  85859  cases  of  which  15042  are  currently  active.  
There  was  a  crisis  in  Yemen  before  COVID  now  the  virus  is  presenting  a  triple  emergency  to  the  country.  president  of  the  International  Rescue  Committee  says  in  Yemen  there  are  only  around  12  tests  per  million  of  the  population.  More  here:  
Coronavirus  can  be  cured  by  sniffing  clove  and  camphor  and  by  drinking  water  the  virus  will  go  to  the  stomach  and  the  acid  in  the  stomach  will  kill  the  virus.
PUBLICATION:  in  Vo  Italy  43%  asymptomatic  infections  across  2  surveys  No  difference  in  viral  load  symptomatic  vs  asymptomatic  infections  Mean  serial  interval  6.9  days  Lockdown  suppressed  transmission  Full  report  
Saint  Lukes  Hospital  of  USA  says  that  consuming  alcohol  can  reduce  the  risk  of  Covid-19.
Dr.  Bloomfield  has  reiterated  that  as  COVID-19  cases  continue  to  increase  globally  we  have  always  expected  new  cases  amongst  people  coming  back  to  NZ.  This  reality  was  reinforced  by  the  WHO  in  the  weekend.  The  number  of  cases  worldwide  has  exceeded  10  million.
From  23  March  until  the  foreseeable  future  Microsoft  and  Sony  will  shut  down  their  gaming  servers  during  UK  school  hours.
There  are  8  people  receiving  hospital  level  care  and  all  are  part  of  the  Auckland  community  cluster.  2  people  are  in  Auckland  city  hospital  1  in  North  shore  hospital  and  5  in  Middlemore  hospital.
Contact  tracing  apps  have  been  secretly  installed  on  every  Android  phone
US  arms  doctors  to  shoot  COVID-19  on  site  
The  latest  update  from  the  Ministry  of  Health  -  ManatHauora:Today  there  is  one  new  confirmed  case  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  New  Zealand.  The  case  is  linked  to  the  St  Margaret's  cluster  in  Auckland  and  is  a  household  contact  of  an  earlier  case.
Update  from  the  Ministry  of  Health  There  are  2  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  managed  isolation  facilities  in  NZ  today.  The  first  case  is  a  female  teenager  who  arrived  on  the  13th  of  June  and  has  been  staying  at  the  Novotel  Auckland  Airport.
Our  daily  update  is  published.  States  reported  569k  new  tests  today.  For  details  see:  
Drinking  lots  of  water  and  gargling  with  warm  water  and  salt  or  vinegar  eliminates  the  coronavirus.
By  now  the  five  largest  known  clusters  of  the  virus  in  the  United  States  are  not  at  nursing  homes  or  meatpacking  plants  but  inside  correction  institutions.  
Join  us  at  midday  today  to  hear  about  how  Fact  Check  is  responding  to  the  coronavirus  pandemic.
Video  clip  of  a  massive  stadium  converted  into  a  graveyard  claimed  to  be  scenes  from  Italy  related  to  the  ongoing  COVID-19  outbreak.
On  the  10th  of  April  2020  we  erroneously  announced  2  new  deaths  in  Nasarawa  There  was  1  death  in  Nasarawa  reported  on  the  10th  of  April  We  apologise  to  the  State  Government  for  this  error  &amp;  remain  committed  to  providing  accurate  data  For  breakdown:  
We  cant  forget  that  in  the  middle  of  a  global  pandemic,  the  Trump  Administration  is  trying  to  gut  Obamacare  and  rip  health  insurance  away  from  millions.  It's  morally  reprehensible.
You  can  still  fly  the  friendly  skies  without  fear  of  COVID  if  airlines  stay  serious  about  safety.  
Updates:  India  achieves  a  record  number  of  1172179  tests  in  a  single  day  on  September  02  2020.  
_A  video  of  a  row  between  passengers  and  cabin  crew  on  board  a  plane  has  been  viewed  tens  of  thousands  of  times  in  multiple  Facebook  and  Twitter  posts  which  claim  it  was  filmed  on  an  Air  India  flight.  The  posts  claim  the  the  video  shows  the  airline  failed  to  enforce  social  distancing  measures  during  the  coronavirus  pandemic._
Video  of  Chinese  Prime  Minister  Li  Keqiang  visiting  a  mosque  and  offering  prayers  seeking  protection  to  the  country  from  coronavirus.
Dad  would  rather  get  coronavirus  than  fist-bump  
NEWS!  UKs  best  racists  working  round  the  clock  to  blame  coronavirus  on  Sadiq  Khan  
Home  Secretary  Priti  Patel  tells  Sky  News  she  would  call  the  police  if  her  neighbours  were  hosting  a  party  that  broke  restrictions  
One  of  the  previously  reported  cases  is  now  considered  to  have  recovered.  Our  total  number  of  active  cases  is  116.  Of  those  39  are  imported  cases  in  MIQ  facilities  and  77  are  community  cases.  
When  the  outbreak  broke  out  in  China  we  immediately  started  building  our  laboratory  capacity.  Within  4  months  we  have  activated  a  total  of  12  labs  across  the  country  with  at  least  one  per  geo-political  zone  to  bring  testing  closer  to  the  people.  ~  
Hospitals  are  advising  people  to  wear  gloves  at  petrol  pumps.
An  NRL  player's  wife  has  tried  to  make  a  link  between  the  flu  shot  and  on  instagram.  But  fact  checkers  have  found  there  is  no  evidence  of  a  link.  Don't  believe  the  misinformation  on  the  internet.  Read  instead:  
Trump  Holds  News  Conference  With  Single  Fox  News  Reporter  About  Coronavirus  Origin  and  Treatments  
There  are  no  new  recovered  cases  to  report  so  there  continue  to  be  23  active  cases  in  managed  isolation  facilities.  None  of  those  people  are  receiving  hospital-level  care.  Our  number  of  confirmed  cases  remains  at  1219.
Swine  flu  virus  is  more  dangerous  than  the  novel  coronavirus.
Vladimir  Putin's  Daughter  Die  After  Taking  COVID-19  Vaccine
The  government  has  ordered  re-opening  of  schools  and  colleges.
NEWS!  Nigel  Farage  to  teach  kids  climate  change  denial  for  balancein  BBC  Lockdown  Learning  Scheme  
The  new  coronavirus  was  created  in  a  Chinese  laboratory  and  Bill  Gates  financed  its  origin.
Because  can  spread  from  people  to  animals  through  close  contact  be  sure  to  take  steps  to  keep  your  pet  safe
If  South  Carolina  continues  to  hospitals  should  not  become  overloaded.  However  if  distancing  is  relaxed  there  is  a  potential  for  over  49k  hospitalizations  -  overwhelming  the  system  by  May  4th.  Learn  more  at  
A  video  shows  a  doctor  fainting  in  the  operating  room  after  being  infected  with  the  new  coronavirus.
Consistency  in  new  guidelines  for  managing  rheumatic  diseases  with  
The  latest  CDC  report  shows  adults  65+  continue  to  have  the  highest  rates  of  hospitalizations  followed  by  adults  age  50  64.  Hospitalization  rates  are  cumulative  and  will  continue  to  increase  as  the  pandemic  unfolds:  
Emissions  over  China  and  Italy  plunge  during  coronavirus  outbreak,  satellite  images  reveal  
A  whole  floor  of  the  main  Peruvian  hospital  is  infected  with  COVID-19  and  they  decided  to  close  the  place.
In  Ohio  percent-positive  rose  from  3.7%  week  of  June  14  to  5.4%  this  week  and  the  hospital  curve  is  also  concerning.  Well  be  watching  these  two  closely  over  the  coming  weeks.  
The  surge  in  coronavirus  infections  could  be  a  sign  of  'far  worse  things  to  come'  Public  Health  England  says.  Follow  live  updates  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  We  have  many  incomplete  reports  from  states  today  and  two  states  missing  at  our  cutoff  time  (AK  and  RI).  Todays  data  reflects  the  holiday  weekend  dip  in  testing  and  reporting.  47K  new  cases  today.  518K  new  tests.  242  deaths  (corrected  from  158).  
.    best  example  
QQ  instant  messaging  announced  the  real  death  toll  is  25000.
Yesterday  our  laboratories  completed  1365  tests.  Our  seven  day  rolling  daily  average  number  of  tests  is  1984.The  total  number  of  tests  completed  in  New  Zealand  to  date  is  442488.
Novel  coronavirus  affects  only  elderly,  not  young  people
Just  noting:  and  the  Florida  health  department  do  actually  put  out  the  most  complete  statistics  that  we've  seen  from  a  state  government.  -
testing  status  update:  stated  that  047738491  samples  tested  up  to  September  04  2020  1059346  samples  tested  on  September  04  2020  
Update  from  Today  there  are  no  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report.  It  has  now  been  87  days  since  the  last  case  of  COVID-19  was  acquired  locally  from  an  unknown  source.
Therefore  if  there  is  a  dip  in  oxygen  saturation  (SpO2  &lt;95%)  in  anybody  the  person  concerned  should  be  provided  immediate  medical  attention  for  proper  diagnosis:  
Reliance  Jio,  one  of  the  biggest  telecom  networks  in  India,  is  providing  Internet  for  free  during  the  coronavirus  pandemic.
You  can  beat  the  virus  with  warm  water,  salt  or  vinegar.
Total  Cases  in  India  (as  on  September  08  2020)  77.65%  Cured/Discharged/Migrated  (3323950)  20.65%  Active  cases  (883697)  1.70%  Deaths  (72775)  Total  COVID-19  confirmed  cases  =  Cured/Discharged/Migrated+Active  cases+Deaths  
Pre-existing  immunity:  Why  some  people  get  really  sick  and  some  people  are  unaffected.  
The  4  cases  were  passengers  on  the  Greg  Mortimer  cruise  ship.  We  received  confirmation  that  Uruguay  had  not  previously  reported  these  cases  to  the  WHO.  All  4  cases  have  recovered.  This  means  New  Zealands  combined  total  of  confirmed  and  probable  cases  is  now  1503.
NHS  services  are  being  put  at  risk  because  a  lack  of  testing  is  forcing  many  staff  to  self-isolate  when  they  could  be  at  work.  NHS  Providers  which  represents  NHS  trust  leaders  says  the  recovery  of  services  is  in  jeopardy.  Read  more  here:  
The  average  daily  tests  registered  a  3.2  times  expansion  from  the  third  week  of  July  (326971)  to  the  first  week  of  September  (1046470).  
Trump  Supporter  From  The  Start,  Says  He's  Not  So  Sure  Anymore  
The  departament  of  Guaviare  in  Colombia  has  10  cases  of  coronavirus.
In  Imo  State  the  is  supporting  the  health  promotion  team  to  train  social  mobilization  officers  in  the  state.  Teams  will  be  conducting  a  mass  sensitisation  exercise  for  community  testing  and  adherence  to  preventive  measures  for  in  all  27  LGAs.  
Were  half  a  year  on  from  WHO  sounding  its  highest  alarm  by  declaring  the  outbreak  a  Public  Health  Emergency  of  International  Concern.  At  the  time  on  30  January  there  were  just  100  cases  outside  of  China  and  no  deaths-
Consuming  alcohol  beverages  or  vodka  will  reduce  risk  of  COVID-19  infection.
I  have  perfect  cure  for  coronavirus.  These  pigeons  you  find  everywhere.  Take  the  pota  (undigested  food  from  the  inside  of  the  intestinal(?)  sack  of  the  pigeons)  and  then  take  the  fluids  from  stomach  membranes  of  three  pigeons  and  cook  both  and  drink  that  water.  You  will  never  get  coronavirus.
Testing  positive  for  antibodies  to  the  virus  that  causes  means  you  likely  had  a  past  infection.  Its  not  yet  known  whether  antibodies  will  protect  you  from  getting  infected  again.  Learn  more  about  antibody  testing:  
It's  RACIST  to  call  it  "wuhan  virus"  or  "wuflu"    YOU  WILL  REFER  TO  IT  AS  COVID-19      Chinese  Originated  Viral  Infectious  Disease  -  19
WHO:  "We  recommend  systemic  corticosteroids  for  the  treatment  of  patients  with  severe  and  critical  which  could  be  lifesaving.  
The  reported  death  toll  today  is  2100  people.  That's  in  line  with  last  week's  numbers.  (Again  these  numbers  do  not  include  5000  "probable"  deaths  in  New  York  City  because  New  York  State  doesn't  record  them  yet.)  
COVID-19  is  a  thrombosis  caused  by  bacteria.  The  cure  was  found  in  Italy.
Updated  on  April  29:  Reported  US  cases  of  total  more  than  1  million.  19  states  report  +10000  cases.  Continue  to  wear  a  cloth  face  covering  &amp;  keep  6+  feet  of  physical  distance  between  yourself  &amp;  others  when  in  public.  
UPDATE  Deaths  registered  in  England  &amp;  Wales  for  the  week  ending  3  July  2020  released  by  Using  this  data  we  present  updated  estimates  of  expected  deaths  &amp;  excess  non-COVID-19  deaths  during  the  pandemic  Read  full  report  
the  deadly  Coronavirus  has  killed  1,12,000  people  and  infected  28  lakh  in  China
Nothing  screams  I  am  sat  around  doing  fuck  all  during  lockdownquite  like  confident  assumption  that  other  people  are  sat  around  doing  fuck  all  during  lockdown  
Mississippi  and  Oklahoma  have  seen  rapid  growth  in  cases.  Mississippi  now  rivals  Florida  for  the  highest  number  of  cases  per  million  population.  
Today  is  the  first  day  on  which  two  states  reported  more  than  10k  cases.  
Social  media  posts  claim  that  actors  were  caught  in  the  act  staging  fake  COVID-19  cases.
A  photo  shared  thousands  of  times  on  Facebook  claims  to  show  the  throat  of  a  novel  coronavirus  patient.
52  testing  sites  for  COVID  -19  in  India  by  Indian  Council  of  Medical  Research  
Total  Cases  in  India  (as  on  August  27  2020)  76.24%  Cured/Discharged/Migrated  (2523771)  21.93%  Active  cases  (725991)  1.83%  Deaths  (60472)  Total  COVID-19  confirmed  cases  =  Cured/Discharged/Migrated+Active  cases+Deaths  Via  
Are  All  These  Celebrity  Couples  Really  Fighting  During  The  Coronavirus  Lockdown?  
Colorado  Denies  That  Traces  of  The  Coronavirus  Have  Been  Found  In  The  State's  Pot  Supply  
That  is  a  lot  of  cases.  So  are  these  just  antibody  tests?  Nope.  A  positive  antibody  test  gets  you  only  halfway  to  being  an  official  probable  case.  The  definition  is  actually  quite  strict  and  requires  more  than  one  kind  of  evidence  unless  a  doctor  decides  that  you  died  of  COVID-19
The  pending  data  from  California  has  come  and  gone.  It  makes  it  really  difficult  to  track  the  states  tests  consistently.  The  number  of  tests  bounces  around  in  ways  that  really  confuse  people.  A  broader  change  is  coming  to  our  pending  reporting.
Intrepid  Investigative  Reporting  Reveals  the  Mystery  Ingredients  of  Russki  COVID-19  Vaccine  
As  at  24th  April  Nigeria  has  recorded  confirmed  cases  in  27  states  and  the  Federal  Capital  Territory  In  the  last  24  hoursnumber  of  new  cases  increased  by  114.  Number  of  deaths  increased  by  1  5  cases  previously  recorded  in  Lagos  are  now  recorded  as  Ogun  state  cases
There  are  no  new  recovered  cases  to  report  so  there  continue  to  be  23  active  cases  all  in  managed  isolation  facilities.  None  of  those  people  are  receiving  hospital-level  care.  Our  number  of  confirmed  cases  remains  at  1219.
Today's  new  high  was  driven  by  big  numbers  from  a  dozen  states  likely  reporting  some  backlogged  negative  tests  from  the  past  couple  of  days.  For  context:  nearly  as  many  tests  were  reported  just  todayas  the  US  had  completed  cumulatively  through  March  25th.  
By  the  1st  week  of  Feb  we  began  shipping  tests  to  over  150  labs  around  the  which  enabled  the  countries  to  quickly  identify  track  &amp;  trace  
NEWS!  More  COVID-19  sorrow  as  Audi  drivers  in  lockdown  struggle  to  demonstrate  that  they  are  better  than  everyone  else  
Brazilian  company  owner  who  laid  off  employees  because  of  the  pandemic  commits  suicide.
I  would  like  to  think  the  for  its  announcement  today  that  it  is  joining  the  COVAX  Facility  and  for  its  contribution  of  EUR400  million.  As  President  said  global  collaboration  is  the  only  way  to  overcome  a  global  pandemic.-
Currently  there  is  no  provision  of  quarantine  for  travellers.  However  it  is  advised  that  you  contact  Control  Room  before  finalizing  your  itinerary:  9154686557  9154686558  9154686549.  
NEW:  Dont  trust  this  social  media  post  that  compares  daily  coronavirus  deaths  with  other  diseases.  We  rated  it  Pants  on  Fire.  
The  WHO  recommends  that  people  stay  at  home  lose  their  businesses  or  jobs  as  well  as  do  not  outside.
A  yellow  bracelet  will  be  placed  on  people  who  "are  seen  outside  their  homes  but  not  to  go  to  work  or  get  basic  necessities."
As  we  close  up  the  shop  for  the  night  we've  been  able  to  track  just  under  8000  people  tested  for  That's  not  a  lot  and  just  a  few  thousand  tests  got  reported  today.  We're  missing  fresh  total  test  numbers  from  some  big  states:  CA  NY  and  MA.  
Five  helicopters  will  disinfect  the  Netherlands  to  extinguish  the  coronavirus.  Citizens  have  to  stay  inside.
Well  also  continue  to  do  our  own  analyses  and  publish  them  in  ongoing  coverage  One  early  example  was  Vann  Newkirk's  look  at  COVID-19's  threat  to  the  south:  
Anyone  interested  in  rise  of  fascism  globally  (and  that  should  be  everyone)  should  read  this  report  by  on  how  Hindu  nationalists  use  Covid-19  to  spread  anti-Muslim  hate  and  violence.  
WEEKLY  UPDATE:  Short-term  forecasts  of  COVID-19  deaths  in  multiple  countries  Read  full  report  here:  
Flu  killed  80000  people  in  the  United  States  last  year.
When  WWN  is  not  bringing  you  the  latest  on  Covid-19,  it  will  be  bringing  you  The  Distraction  Zone.    Save,  bookmark  and  ignore  social  distancing  to  keep  close  to  the  following  link  as  each  day  we'll  bring  you  necessary  non-news  news:    
There  are  simple  actions  we  all  should  take  to  protect  ourselves  and  our  loved  ones  -  and  prevent  the  spread  of  
Coroanvirus:  Northern  Ireland  to  see  tighter  restrictions  from  tomorrow  
Second  wave  of  PPE  shortage  is  here.  
1054  case  fatalities  have  been  reported  in  the  past  24  hours.  Of  the  total  deaths  nearly  69%  are  concentrated  in  five  State/UTs  of  Maharashtra  Tamil  Nadu  Karnataka  Andhra  Pradesh  and  Delhi.  Details  :  
An  audio  message  lists  five  ways  people  can  prevent  the  novel  coronavirus.
Trump  says  that  as  president  he  has  totalauthority  to  re-open  states  amid  the  COVID-19  pandemic.
Children  are  silent  super-spreaders  of  coronavirus.
Weve  been  hard  at  work  on  creating  Confidence  Grades  to  help  you  evaluate  your  state's  data  which  we  previewed  earlier  this  week.  Theyre  now  complete  and  implemented  first  Coming  soon  to  
It  is  right  method  to  treat  educated  idiots...They  should  do  this  yoga  till  12.00  noon..1).Because  of  these  idiots  COVID  19  Victims  Crossed  12K.2).Non  availability  of  Mass  testing  kits..We  may  see  Above  20K  soon..
After  husband  tested  positive  for  coronavirus  wife  fled  from  Bangalore  to  Agra  in  India.
A  photo  shows  people  infected  with  coronavirus  lying  on  the  sidewalk  in  China.
Barack  Obama  is  the  first  ex-president  to  ever  speak  against  his  successor.
Social  media  users  claimed  Ghana  did  poorly  with  respect  to  food  distribution  amid  the  COVID-19  season  when  compared  to  Niger  Nigeria  and  Rwanda.
Wear  your  mask  when  youre  in  public!  Face  masks  are  one  of  the  most  powerful  weapons  we  have  in  the  fight  against  
Massive  thanks  to  all  the  state  employees  who  are  updating  their  public  health  sites  under  difficult  circumstances.  We  huddled  as  a  team  and  put  together  some  suggestions  on  how  test  data  reporting  could  be  improved  to  make  aggregation  easier:  
A  cure  for  COVID-19  called  Fabunan  Antiviral  Injection  has  already  been  approved  by  the  government.  The  drug  was  developed  by  a  Filipino  doctor  in  Zambales.
Tanzania  has  developed  a  coronavirus  drug  called  COVIDOL  that  can  cure  COVID-19.
One  important  piece  of  context  for  this  large  testing  number:  we  now  know  that  at  least  9  states  are  including  antigen  tests  in  their  reports  which  may  help  explain  the  rising  numbers.
We  still  have  16  significant  clusters.  There  are  no  additional  deaths  to  report.  The  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  is  223937  an  increase  of  7150.  For  more  information  visit  
One  significant  cluster  remains  open  -  The  St.  Margaret's  rest  home  in  Auckland  is  due  to  close  on  Monday  6  July.Yesterday  our  laboratories  completed  3703  tests  bringing  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  409032.  The  7-day  rolling  average  of  tests  is  4396.
Hydroxychloroquine  "cures  COVID-19"  but  there  is  a  conspiracy  by  Biil  Gates  and  Dr.  Fauci  to  ban  it.
State-wise  details  of  Total  Confirmed  cases  (till  29  August  2020  8  AM)  States  with  1-10000  confirmed  cases  States  with  10001-90000  confirmed  cases  States  with  90000+  confirmed  cases  Total  no.  of  confirmed  cases  so  far  
Indian  Ministry  of  Home  Affairs  (MHA)  issued  an  order  that  sharing  post  about  coronavirus  on  social  media  groups  is  a  punishable  offense.
A  pandemic  can  make  us  realize  we  are  all  truly  connected  here  at  home  and  across  the  whole  world.CDC  Rachael  Zacks  deployed  to  Seattle  to  test  one  of  the  United  Statesfirst-known  patients.  Her  story:  
99.2%  Italians  who  have  arguably  died  because  of  COVID-19  have  actually  died  due  to  another  prexisting  condition.
An  Italian  doctor  who  worked  at  the  Shenzhen  hospital  in  China  issued  a  series  of  instuctions  for  locating  and  treating  the  new  coronavirus  SARS-CoV-2.
UPDATE  India  has  registered  65081  recoveries  in  the  last  24  hours.  The  number  of  recovered  patients  has
Our  daily  update  is  published.  762k  tests  recorded  today  in  the  US.  65k  new  cases.  57k  people  currently  reported  to  be  hospitalized  with  COVID-19.  (More  on  that  shortly.)  States  reported  872  COVID-19  deaths  today.  
Data  from  antibody  tests  in  10  different  cities  and  states  indicate  that  many  people  with  no  symptoms  may  be  spreading  the
Were  still  learning  about  how  affects  animals  but  it  appears  that  people  can  spread  the  virus  to  animals  in  some  situations.  Until  we  know  more  limit  contact  with  pets  if  you  are  sick  or  feeling  sick.  For  more  info  see:  
Piltdown  President  Says  Virus  Will  Go  Away  
Toronto  refuses  to  lose  to  New  York  in  COVID-19  case  count  
Texas  GOP  sticks  to  convention  plans  as  the  state  set  a  new  daily  record  for  cases.  
Latest  update  from  the  :  There  is  one  new  case  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  managed  isolation  in  New  Zealand  today  and  no  cases  of  community  transmission.
Test  patientsvitamin  D  levels  to  improve  immunoresponse  to  
A  methodological  note.  As  we've  been  saying  we're  continuing  to  revise  and  pin  down  the  way  we  code  hospitalizations  data.  The  states  are  reporting  two  different  numbers:  current  hospitalizations  and  cumulative  hospitalizations.  These  are  unlike  numbers.
I  do  think  this  weekend  brought  some  pretty  good  news.  But...  we've  got  to  make  that  provisional  good  news  until  we're  back  into  the  week  and  we  see  the  Monday  and  Tuesday  numbers.
To  slow  the  spread  of  the  virus  that  causes  a  U.S.  Air  Force  Basic  Military  Training  in  Texas  used  a  series  of  public  health  mitigation  strategies  between  March  1  -  April  18  2020.  Read  more  from  
Important  study  from  finds  that  17%  of  people  living  with  a  Covid  patient  get  the  disease  from  the  patient.  Patients  appear  to  be  more  infectious  during  the  presymptomatic  period  than  during  the  symptomatic  period.  Contact  tracing  matters.  
Thank  you  so  much  for  your  wonderful  complete  presentation  of  your  data.  To  make  sure  we  record  this  data  correctly  can  you  clarify  if  "samples"  is  equal  to  "persons  tested"?  Thank  you!  
How  to  Keep  Your  Business  Going  During  the  Coronavirus  Outbreak  
India  has  consistently  maintained  a  low  &amp;  declining  Case  Fatality  Rate  (1.64%).  This  is  lowest  compared  to  global  average  of  3.2%  and  many  countries.  The  aim  is  to  achieve  a  national  CFR  of  less  than  1%.  Many  States/UTs  even  today  have  CFR  less  than  1%.  
Q:  How  do  I  self-isolate?  A:  Stay  in  a  room  away  from  others  for  14  days  Avoid  sharing  household  items  Practice  hand  &amp;  respiratory  hygiene  Clean  &amp;  disinfect  all  surfaces  If  you  develop  symptoms  call  your  state  hotline  Full  self-isolation  guide  
Wear  face  coverings  in  public.  Stay  at  least  6  feet  apart.  Wash  your  hands.  Help  slow  the  spread  of  Learn  more:  
Right-Wing  "Pandemic  Preppers"  Pledge  to  Make  America  Germ-Free  Again  
India  Tracker  (As  on  14  September  2020  08:00  AM)  Confirmed  cases:  4846427  Recovered:  3780107  (78.0%)Active  cases:  986598  (20.4%)  Deaths:  79722  (1.6%)  Via  
Moderna  will  seek  EAU  for  its  COVID  vaccine  if  it  demonstrates  efficacy.  
NEWS!  Stay  Alertsort  of  means  to  be  kind  of  lockdown-ish  but  not  too  much,  clarifies  government  
That  brings  New  Zealands  total  number  of  active  cases  to  14  all  are  in  managed  isolation  or  quarantine  facilities.  There  are  no  cases  in  the  community.    NZ's  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  is  now  1170  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  WHO.
New  daily  deaths  held  steady  at  1182  about  as  many  as  yesterday.  New  York  continues  to  dominate  the  movement  of  these  numbers  and  New  York's  numbers  have  flattened.  
In  Nebraska:  Hall  Dakota  Colfax  and  Dawson  counties  all  have  COVID-19  hotspots.  Local  reporting  has  tied  these  outbreaks  to  meatpacking  plants.  Hall  Dawson  and  Dakota:  Colfax:  
obviously  makes  us  forget  &amp;  without  &amp;  we  wouldn't  exist  &amp;  won't  survive.  Interconnectedness  is  essential  for  our  wellbeing  &amp;  survival.  Without  exposure  cannot  develop  and  we  get  weaker  and  weaker!
Taking  a  bath  with  extremely  hot  water  will  prevent  coronavirus!  This  'False'  claim  is  a  perfect  example  of  how  fatal  fake  news  can  be.  Use  and  tell  us  some  of  the  most  fatal  'False'  claims  that  you  came  across  and  debunked.  
Please  DO  NOT  PULL  your  mask  down  onto  your  chin  You  can  speak  cough  or  sneeze  inside  your  mask  then  wash  or  dispose  properly  Watch  for  more  useful  advice  on  the  use  of  face  masks  to  reduce  the  risk  of  spread  
A  mixture  of  camel  milk  and  urine  will  cure  COVID-19.
You  had  all  of  lockdown  to  read  me  and  you  still  have  not  read  a  page  
Update  on  managed  isolation  &amp;  quarantine  numbers  There  are  currently  2079  people  in  managed  isolation  and  quarantine.  Our  current  effective  capacity  is  6698.  This  gives  us  an  excess  capacity  of  4619.  Over  the  next  week  we  are  projecting  3701  arrivals  and  1261  departures.
Our  update  is  published.  States  reported  record  tests  completed  (852k)  and  cases  (77k)  for  the  second  day  in  a  row  as  well  as  951  deaths.  One  significant  caveat:  the  total  cases  include  ~5k  cases  from  a  reporting  backlog  in  Texas.  
Florida  also  reported  a  record  number  of  cases  todayclose  to  10k.  Florida  remains  one  of  the  few  states  that  does  not  report  how  many  people  are  currently  hospitalized.  
...  &amp;  goes  down  over  the  next  7  days.  Available  evidence  does  not  indicate  any  increase  in  risk  of  transmission  from  cases  discharged  based  on  revised  discharge  criteria  which  also  specifies  that  such  cases  will  be  advised  to  isolate  themselves  at  home...  (3/4)
Coronavirus:  10pm  curfew  for  pubs  and  restaurants  -  but  what  other  measures  could  Johnson  announce  later?  
Quotes  Sen.  Lindsey  Graham  as  saying  President  Trump  probably  knows  more  about  medicine  and  specifically  viruses  than  any  of  the  so-called  scientists  at  the  NIH  and  CDC.
or  If  people  saw  this,  they  would  stay  home.HORRIBLE.
Pennsylvanias  outbreak  has  worsened  over  the  last  two  weeks  though  not  to  the  degree  seen  in  Sun  Belt  states.  Since  June  18  the  daily  number  of  new  cases  has  roughly  doubled  in  PA.  In  mid-June  1  in  33  tests  came  back  positive;  this  week  about  1  in  20  tests  did.  
Practice  social  distancing  by  putting  space  between  yourself  and  others.  Continue  to  practice  healthy  habits  like  washing  your  hands  for  at  least  20  seconds  and  staying  home  if  youre  sick  to  help  slow  the  spread  of  Learn  more:  
Coronavirus:  Noel  Gallagher  refuses  to  wear  face  mask  despite  UK  laws  
The  limit  for  social  gatherings  has  now  lifted  to  100  people.  These  include  events  at  home  and  outside  of  home  like  religious  services  parties  weddings  tangihanga  and  funerals.  Full  details:  
Dr.  Fauci  funded  a  risky  ''gain-of-function''  test  of  Sars/Covid  Virus  on  bats  at  the  Wuhan  Institute  of  Virology  after  it  was  deemed  illegal  in  the  United  States    The  Chinese  conducting  that  test  released  the  coronavirus  to  the  planet  forever.  Fauci  is  the  arsonist/fire  fighter
Connecticut  reported  its  single  largest  increase  daily  death  toll.  Other  states  we're  watching  for  Tuesday:  Massachusetts  Michigan  Georgia  Florida  Texas  Kentucky.  
PM  Forced  To  Act  On  Coronavirus  After  Learning  His  Voter  Base  Might  Not  Exist  In  A  Few  Months:  
Health  Depts:  CDC  guidance  on  contact  tracing  is  now  available  to  help  plan  implement  and  enhance  COVID-19  case  investigation  and  contact  tracing  efforts.  Learn  more:  
Flu  kills  14  more  times  than  Covid
The  latest  update  from  the  Ministry  of  Health  -  ManatHauora:Today  we  are  reporting  one  new  confirmed  case  of  COVID-19.This  means  New  Zealands  combined  total  of  confirmed  and  probable  cases  is  now  1498  of  which  1148  are  confirmed.
We're  working  on  other  presentations  but  in  the  meantime  we  wanted  to  share  the  COVID-19  data  that  we've  been  gathering.  Here's  the  easiest  way  to  see  it:  
Thirty-eight  new  cases  of  have  been  reported;  23  in  Kano  5  in  Gombe  3  in  Kaduna  2  in  Borno  2  in  Abia  1  in  FCT  1  in  Sokoto  1  in  Ekiti  As  at  11:10  pm  20th  April  there  are  665  confirmed  cases  of  reported  in  Nigeria.  Discharged:  188  Deaths:  22  
Andhra  Pradesh  Chief  Minister  YS  Jagan  Reddy  has  claimed  that  Paracetamol  is  the  only  medication  for  coronavirus.
HydroxychloroquineIs  founded  100%  inKalonji  seedSo  take  7  Kalonji  seed  with  Honey  mix  with  hot  water  take  before  bfast  To  prevent  yourself  to  be  attacked  fromCOVID-19  Corona  virus  please  guys  share  this  information  with  your  friends  and  family
Mortality  Analysis  on  the  basis  of  age  and  gender:  69%  of  deaths  reported  in  Male  and  31%  in  Females  36%  of  the  deaths  reported  in  people  with  age  group  between  45-60  years  &amp;  51%  deaths  in  people  above  60  years  of  age:  Secretary  
Yes  the  State  Governments  may  issue  stricter  guidelines  to  contain  transmission  but  are  not  permitted  to  dilute  guidelines  issued  under  the  Disaster  Management  Act  2005.  
Trump:  "I  didnt  say  one  way  or  the  other"  that  Chinese  President  Xi  Jinping  was  doing  a  good  job  handling  the  new  coronavirus.  This  is  false.  Trump  said  Feb.  23  that  Xi  "is  doing  a  very  good  job."  
is  primarily  spread  through  respiratory  droplets.  This  can  happen  by  1.  Being  in  close  contact  with  an  infected  person  2.  Touching  a  contaminated  surface  When  we  congregate  in  crowds  it  puts  us  all  at  risk  for  contracting  
Where  I  live  heath  inequities  kill  black  people  in  unhealthy  environments  in  the  flatlands  10-15  years  earlier  than  white  people  up  in  the  hills.  We  cant  ignore  this  kind  of  disparate  outcome  just  because  it  is  ugly  or  were  all  human.  -
23  new  COVID-19  cases  confirmed  in  Mombasa.
Countries  without  5G  are  free  from  coronavirus
When  shelter-in-place  orders  are  lifted  coronavirus  spikes  occur.  discusses  this  phenomenon  with  on  
ICYMI:  Deborah  Birx  3/8/20  White  House  Briefing:  I  know  many  of  you  are  watching  the  [Covid]  Act  Now  model  and  the  IHME  model  from  and  they  have  consistently  decreased  the  number...That  is  modeled  on  what  America  is  doing.  Thats  whats  happening.
THE  CHINESE  HAVE  BEGUN  TO  USE  THEIR  HUMAN  CORPSE  TO  PROCESS  INTO  PRODUCTS  SUCH  AS  CORNED  BEEF  TO  SHIP  TO  AFRICA.  Please  share  with  your  contacts.  Very  important
The  corona  test  has  a  completely  different  purpose  than  the  one  you  believe  in  or  are  being  told  about.  Insertion  of  the  wand  very  deep  into  the  nasal  cavities  damages  the  hemato-encephalitic  [sic]  septum  in  the  depth  of  the  skull  That  [sic]  is  why  testing  is  so  painful.
82  Billiion  dollars  is  announced  by  for  the  ppl  of  Canada.  Increased  benefits,  deferral  of  any  credit  &amp;  mortgage  payment  for  6  months.  He  said  no  one  in  my  country  should  be  worried  about  rent  mortgage  or  money  to  live  in  this  time  of  crises.  (1/2)
President  Trump  Touts  Game-changer  Bigger  Than  Hydrochloroquine  in  Battle  Against  Coronavirus  Sprea
To  express  gratitude  towards  India  for  sending  the  Hydroxychloroquine  to  the  US  a  group  of  American  youth  sings  the  Indian  national  anthem.
Mask  wearers  beware.  A  caller  to  a  radio  talk  show  recently  shared  that  his  wife  was  hospitalized  and  told  she  had  COVID  and  only  a  couple  of  days  left  to  live.  A  doctor  friend  suggested  she  be  tested  for  legionnaires  disease  because  she  wore  the  same  mask  every  day  all  day  long.  Turns  out  it  WAS  legionnaires  disease  from  the  moisture  and  bacteria  in  her  mask.  She  was  given  antibiotics  and  within  two  days  was  better.  WHAT  IF  these  "spikes"  in  COVID  are  really  something  else  due  to  mask-wearingCopied  and  pasted  -  and  checked  -  it's  true!
A  report  by  heath  charity  The  King's  Fund  says  the  impact  of  the  pandemic  on  health  and  care  staff  'has  been  unprecedented  and  will  be  felt  for  a  long  time  to  come'  
As  part  of  leaving  all  signed  a  health  release  that  required  them  to  follow  a  set  of  protocols  depending  on  the  category  of  exemptions.  These  were  personalised  depending  on  situations.
The  positive  rate  of  these  tests  is  dropping  at  least  a  little.  Overall  we're  now  looking  at  an  18%  positive  rate  in  the  U.S.
This  is  a  clear  example  of  why  it  is  best  to  think  of  the  number  of  confirmed  cases  we  report  as  a  lower  bound  not  the  true  number  of  coronavirus  cases  in  this  country.  Reporting  by  
China  exports  masks  infected  with  COVID-19.
Today  join  CDC's  live  Q&amp;A  from  12-2pm  ET  to  ask  your  questions  about  the  importance  of  staying  up  to  date  on  essential  childhood  vaccines  during  the  outbreak.  Visit  CDCs  Instagram  Story  here:  
President  Donald  Trump  said  People  are  dying  who  have  never  died  before.
This  case  brings  our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  to  1195  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  World  Health  Organization.  One  previously  reported  case  is  now  considered  to  have  recovered  from  COVID-19  so  the  total  number  of  active  cases  in  New  Zealand  remains  at  25.
news  bulletin  claims  that  Modi  has  announced  that  the  current  lockdown  has  been  extended  till  4th  May  2020.
Coronavirus:  Head  of  Test  and  Trace  says  rise  in  demand  for  COVID  tests  wasn't  expected  
Vila  Formosa's  cemitery  in  So  Paulo  Brazil  is  opening  graves  to  cause  panic  on  population  but  there  are  no  burials.  The  graves  remain  open.
Bolivia  approved  the  use  of  chlorine  dioxide  amid  the  fight  against  covid-19.
says  it  may  be  the  end  of  2021  before  we  are  back  to  a  degree  of  normality.  
176  new  cases  of  Lagos-73  Plateau-50  FCT-17  Rivers-8  Ondo-6  Niger-5  Ogun-5  Edo-3  Kaduna-3  Oyo-2  Bauchi-1  Bayelsa-1  Delta-1  Nasarawa-1  57613  confirmed  48836  discharged  1100  deaths  
Many  healthcare  systems  are  experiencing  patient  surges.  New  guidance  is  available  for  transferring  patients  to  Relief  Healthcare  Facilities.  Learn  more:  
A  picture  quotes  pharmacist  Stefano  Montanari  saying  that  wearing  protective  masks  would  make  people  breathe  excessive  levels  of  carbon  dioxide  leading  to  respiratory  acidosis  and  cancer.
Canadian  government  scolds  citizens  for  not  fully  embracing  its  half-measures  
Our  daily  4  pm  update  is  out!  Across  50  states  and  DC  we've  tracked:  2450  positives  17071  negatives  1236  pending.  Total  tests:  20795  Before  trying  to  interpret  this  data  please  read  over  our  notes  about  how  each  state  reports  data  differently:  
The  substance,  chlorine  dioxide,  is  a  powerful  bleach  used  in  textile  manufacturing.  The  Grenons  market  it  as  miracle  mineral  solutionor  MMS  which  they  say  when  drunk  as  a  dilution  can  cure  almost  all  illnesses  including  cancer,  HIV/Aids  as  well  
As  at  08:00  pm  1st  April  there  are  174  confirmed  cases  9  discharged  2  deaths  For  a  breakdown  of  cases  by  states-  Currently;  Lagos-  91  FCT-  35  Osun-  14  Oyo-  8  Ogun-  4  Edo-  4  Kaduna-  4  Bauchi-  3  Enugu-  2  Ekiti-  2  Rivers-1  Benue-  1  Akwa  Ibom-  5
On  Monday  21  September  Cabinet  will  decide  if  Alert  Level  2  gathering  limits  can  increase  in  Auckland  and  whether  the  rest  of  the  country  can  move  to  Alert  Level  1.
a  "deadly  insect  attack"  in  China,  India  and  Iran,  in  which  the  insect  can  supposedly  kill  a  person  with  just  one  bite.
Trump:  I've  Always  Been  In  Favor  Of  Face  Masks  
A  video  of  US  President  Donald  Trump  and  a  top  US  pharmaceutical  executive  speaking  at  a  press  conference  has  been  viewed  thousands  of  times  in  multiple  Facebook  Twitter  and  YouTube  posts  alongside  a  claim  that  it  shows  them  announcing  a  vaccine  for  the  novel  coronavirus  COVID-19  was  "ready"  to  be  administered.
This  is  what's  happened  in  the  United  States  since  March.  
As  on  22nd  September  2020  India's  Recovery  Rate  stands  at  80.86%:  Secretary  
Polish  government  confiscated  a  coronavirus  testing  machine  which  was  originally  bought  by  a  local  hospital  in  Grodzisk  Mazowiecki  city.
As  expected  California  has  a  large  number  of  pending  tests.  But  we  did  not  expect  the  backlog  to  be  this  large.  A  lot  more  pending  tests  than  completed  ones.  More  details:  
Our  4  pm  update  is  published.  US  states  report  completing  tests  on  at  least  357907  people  up  63989  from  yesterday's  total.  Note  that  we  can  only  track  tests  that  a  state  reports.  Most  report  all  of  them  now  but  not  quite  all.  For  details  see:  
As  at  6:00  pm  17th  April  2020  7153  samples  have  been  tested  for  in  Nigeria  We  are  working  very  hard  to  increase  the  number  of  samples  tested  including  community  surveillance  in  the  FCT  and  Lagos  Read  our  strategy  here  
A  lot  of  that  engagement  appears  to  have  been  driven  by  Brian  Rose  and  his  organization  London  Real  which  is  behind  the  website  that  hosted  "Plandemic  2"  and  has  a  history  of  airing  falsehoods  about  COVID-19.
The  disaster  management  act  in  India  prohibits  posting  messages  regarding  COVID-19  and  would  attract  punishment  to  those  who  don't  obey.
KOWHEORI-19  (COVID-19)  Update  There  are  seven  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  New  Zealand  today  all  detected  in  recent  returnees  in  a  managed  isolation  facility.  There  are  no  new  community  cases.  
Deaths  remained  below  1500  bringing  our  dataset's  recorded  deaths  to  87472.  For  a  Wednesday  this  is  lower  than  average.  The  cumulative  total  does  not  include  4781  probable  deaths  reported  by  NYC  but  not  NY  State.  
Our  4pm  update  is  locked  in.  The  US  has  now  tested  at  least  103945  people  up  27450  from  yesterday's  total.  Note  that  we  can  only  track  tests  that  a  state  reports.  And  not  all  states  report  negative  tests.  For  details  see:  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  We've  now  tracked  ~2.2  million  tests.  Roughly  ~135k  tests  were  reported  today  the  fewest  since  4/3.  As  always  not  all  states  report  all  tests  (though  almost  all  do  now).  For  details  see:  
The  CDC  has  removed  the  Covid-19  Pandemicand  replaced  it  with  Covid-19  Outbreakon  their  website.  It  was  never  a  pandemic.
Government  announces  four  more  weeks  of  lockdown  for  Britain  and  44  more  weeks  of  lockdown  for  Priti  Patel  
Florida  reported  an  astounding  15k  cases  today.  No  state  has  ever  reported  so  many  infections.  Its  worth  remembering  how  few  tests  were  available  in  April  which  suppressed  New  Yorks  confirmed  cases.  (Florida  started  reporting  current  hospitalizations  this  week.)  
Coronavirus  parties  can  have  deadly  consequences.  
$63400  is  the  average  salary  for  medical  residents  up  3%  from  last  year.  
Photographs  of  Italians  who  prostrate  in  the  middle  of  the  coronavirus  pandemic.
Of  the  2159  people  who  left  managed  isolation  facilities  between  June  9  -  16  1253  people  have  been  contacted  and  have  tested  negative  for  COVID-19;  800  of  those  were  tested  before  leaving  managed  isolation  and  the  remaining  453  were  tested  after  departure  from  the  facility.
Health  ministry  issues  Revised  SOP  on  preventive  measures  to  be  followed  while  conducting  examinations  to  contain  the  spread  of  
UFC  Pres  Dana  White  said  "No  one  person  and  no  one  place  could  have  anticipated  the  challenges  that  COVID  would  bring."  President  Trump  said  the  coronavirus  "snuck  up  on  usadding  that  it  is  a  very  unforeseen  thing.Experts  disagreed.  
We're  looking  at  counties  right  now  through  a  collaboration  with  an  existing  group.  -
'Akirais  a  1988  movie  about  an  apocalyptic  event  taking  place  months  before  Tokyo  2020  Olympics  showing  the  WHO  advising  Japan  to  postpone  the  Olympics  because  of  a  pandemic  risk.
Update  from  the  Today  we  have  1  new  case  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  managed  isolation  facilities  in  New  Zealand.  It  has  been  76  days  since  the  last  case  of  COVID-19  was  acquired  locally  from  an  unknown  source.
Take  daily  precautions  to  help  prevent  the  spread  of  respiratory  illnesses  like  Learn  how  to  protect  yourself  from  coronavirus  (COVID-19):  
Sadly  today  there  are  four  people  in  hospital  with  COVID-19  -  one  each  at  Auckland  City  and  North  Shore  hospitals  and  two  in  Middlemore.  All  are  in  isolation  on  a  ward.  There  are  no  cases  in  ICU.
COVID  affects  patients  with  cancer  differently  based  on  type  age  gender  and  use  of  chemo.  
In  India  Tamil  Nadu's  BJP  party  workers  distributed  drugs  along  with  COVID-19  relief  goods.
Contradictions  plague  Americans  absent  any  consistent  national  messaging  on  
Todays  first  case  is  the  young  child  of  the  couple  announced  yesterday  as  cases  who  have  recently  arrived  from  India.  We  are  pleased  to  report  that  all  family  members  are  doing  well  at  the  Jet  Park  Hotel  the  quarantine  facility  in  Auckland.  The  child  is  under  two  years  old.
We  noted  Arizona's  falling  case  and  completed  test  counts  yesterday.  It's  worth  recalling  that  on  July  9  Governor  Ducey  said  that  his  state  would  be  doing  35k  tests  per  day  by  the  end  of  July.  7-Day  Rolling  Average:  Tests  reported  7/9:  13175  Tests  reported  7/23:  10492  
Deaths  were  down  a  bit  from  yesterday  although  still  above  2000.  The  three  highest  single-day  death  tolls  are  the  last  three  days.  
The  guidance  provides  practical  advice  for  schools  in  areas  with  no  cases  sporadic  cases  clusters  of  cases  or  community  transmission-
Release  date  of  Girl  With  A  Pearl  Earring  vs  Predatordelayed  to  October  due  to  coronavirus  
3691166  total  confirmed  cases  2839882  cases  cured/recovered  43324834  samples  tested  Here's  the
Masks  are  not  a  belief  system.  Youre  just  blatantly  ignoring  scientific  evidence.  
As  of  today  there  are  247  active  cases  in  district  
Words  to  the  Wise:  Top  Ten  Lockdown-Era  Definitions  You  Need  to  Know  NOW!  
Recovered  cases  are  3.4  times  the  number  of  Active  Cases.  Total  Active  cases  are  704348  and  Recovered  Cases  are  2404585.  Important  point  is  that  for  the  first  time  Active  Cases  have  reduced  by  6423  in  the  last  24  hrs:  Secretary  
Many  countries  have  started  to  implement  some  of  WHOs  recommended  strategies  to  mitigate  service  disruptions  such  as  triaging  patients  to  identify  priorities  shifting  to  on-line  patient  consultations  and  changes  to  prescribing  practices.-
Video  shows  the  last  COVID-19  patient  exiting  from  the  hospital  in  New  Zealand.
Tulisa  Contostavlos  says  she  sincerely  hopes  coronavirus  puts  the  Leicester  Mercury  out  of  business  as  it  gave  her  album  The  Female  Bossa  lousy  review  in  2012  
_Staff  of  Gold  Coast  Hospital  in  Australia  has  gifted  a  volleyball  to  Tom  Hanks  in  quarantine._
Denmark  passed  from  200  new  cases  of  COVID-19  in  one  day  to  only  26  cases
_A  video  has  been  viewed  hundreds  of  thousands  of  times  in  posts  on  Facebook  Twitter  and  YouTube  that  claim  it  shows  a  freight  train  carrying  essential  commodities  for  those  in  COVID-19  lockdown  in  India._
Most  Africans  take  Chloroquine  as  an  antimalarial  prophylactic,  it  works  for  COVID  too.  A  dozen  doctors  appeared  in  video  on  Twitter.  They  wanted  the  public  to  know  that  they  believed  in  Hydroxydhloroquine  as  a  COVID  treatment,  but  Twitter  censored  that  video.  Maddow,  MSM  &amp;
A  message  is  circulating,  claiming  that  Kins  of  those  who  died  of  COVID-19  can  claim  insurance  under  Pradhan  Mantri  Jeevan  Jyoti  Bima  Yojana  (PMJJBY)  &amp;  Pradhan  Mantri  Suraksha  Bima  Yojana  (PMSBY).  
People  within  the  health  sector  and  care  sector  are  of  course  getting  access  to  testing  and  they  have  been  prioritised.  responds  to  reports  that  a  lack  of  testing  is  forcing  some  frontline  staff  to  miss  work.  
NEWS!  Coronation  Street  characters  to  be  shown  starving  to  death  as  Brexit  ad  campaign  uses  product  placement  
Claim:  Cow  urine/dung  could  treat  COVID-19:  Assam  legislator  Haripriya  Fact:  Such  claims  only  add  to  misinformation/fear-mongering  should  fight  disease  scientifically:  Anant  Bhan  health  researcher.  No  preventive  med/cure  yet:  WHO  
COVID  patients  often  report  persistent  symptoms  such  as  ME/CFS  making  "Long  COVID"  this  weeks  clinical  trend.  
India  Tracker  (As  on  20  September  2020  08:00  AM)  Confirmed  cases:  5400619  Recovered:  4303043  (79.7%)Active  cases:  1010824  (18.7%)  Deaths:  86752  (1.6%)  Via  
Quotes  Dr.  Denis  Mukwege  as  saying  he  resigned  from  the  Congolese  coronavirus  response  team  because  he  was  ordered  to  fabricate  COVID-19  case  and  death  numbers.
Testing  for  Covid-19  can  return  a  positive  result  due  to  a  cold  or  flu,  or  having  received  the  flu  vaccine  in  the  past
The  latest  CDC  report  shows  that  the  hospitalization  rates  for  adults  are  similar  or  higher  than  those  seen  at  comparable  points  during  recent  flu  seasons  while  those  for  children  are  much  lower.  Learn  more:  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Mondays  are  now  the  day  where  the  weekend  lag  shows  up  most  acutely.  States  reported  735K  tests  58K  cases  and  365  deaths  (last  Monday:  327).  
The  virus  has  started  to  spread  again  in  an  exponential  way  The  PM  says  "the  iron  laws  of  geometrical  progression  are  shouting  at  us  from  the  graphs  that  we  risk  many  more  deaths  many  more  families  losing  loved  ones  before  their  time"  Follow  live:  
The  Raam  is  the  worlds  most  stable  and  expensive  currency
NEWS!  Anti-vaxxers  close  to  deciding  which  medical  conditions  they  will  pretend  are  caused  by  Coronavirus  vaccine  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  States  reported  680k  tests  35k  cases  and  1031  deaths.  
(3/4)  Our  TrueNat  platform  previously  deployed  and  WHO  pre-qualified  for  TB  is  simple  and  does  not  require  any  specialized  labs.  As  of  today  2500  TrueNat  machines  have  been  deployed  in  484  districts  of  the  country  and  over  2500000  tests  have  been  conducted  till  date.
Labour's  calls  for  a  targeted  expansion  of  the  job  retention  scheme  warning  of  "a  tsunami  of  job  losses".  The  PM  says  the  govt  is  looking  at  a  "massive  package"  of  investment  in  jobs  including  its  2bn  Kickstart  fund.  
Can  this  country  afford  a  second  national  lockdown?  -  Tory  MP  Julian  Knight  PM  Boris  Johnson  says  "we  are  going  to  do  everything  in  our  power  to  prevent"  a  second  national  lockdown  adding  that  it  would  be  financially  "disastrous".  
As  per  GoI  for  cases  under  if  there  is  a  dip  in  oxygen  saturation  less  than  &lt;95%  it  is  required  to  contact  doctor  for  medical  attention.
NEWS!  Scientists  urged  to  divert  attention  away  from  Coronavirus  vaccine  to  create  pillow  that  stays  cool  all  night  
Number  of  people  quitting  smoking  at  ten-year  high  thanks  to  'change  in  attitudes  during  COVID-19  pandemic'  
Image  of  tired  Sri  Lankan  healthcare  professionals  lying  on  the  ground  inside  a  operating  theater  room.
Lastly  apologies  to  the  great  state  of  Idaho  which  is  indeed  publishing  current  COVID-19  hospitalization  data  and  which  we  unfairly  criticized  yesterday.  Thank  you  Idaho!  
Camila  Cabellos  Coronavirus  Advice  On  Instagram  Is  Something  We  All  Should  Keep  In  Mind  
A  video  showing  where  "the  coronavirus  began"  was  made  in  Wuhan.
Local  Man  Appoints  Himself  Worlds  Foremost  Expert  On  Coronavirus  
Rural  low-density  counties  might  experience  a  slower  spread  but  they  also  generally  have  far  fewer  healthcare  resources  than  cities.  If  we  don't  contain  COVID  now  all  systems  are  going  to  be  overwhelmed  and  rural  areas  potentially  especially  so.
CDC  urges  Americans  to  stay  safe  by  doing  opposite  of  everything  Trump  says    
has  been  regularly  engaging  with  States  and  UTs  that  have  been  exhibiting  either  a  sudden  surge  in  cases  high  caseload  or  reporting  a  higher  mortality  in  some  districts.  Details:  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Weve  tracked  a  total  of  735704  tests  up  109071  from  yesterday.  Note  that  we  can  only  track  tests  that  a  state  reports  (for  now).  And  not  all  states  report  all  negative  tests.  For  details  see:  
A  number  of  areas  have  been  added  to  the  coronavirus  watchlist  as  scientists  warned  the  transmission  rate  could  now  be  as  high  as  1.4  in  the  UK.  Find  out  if  your  area  is  affected  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Weve  now  tracked  more  than  2.5  million  tests  up  less  than  150k  from  yesterday.  Note  that  we  can  only  track  tests  that  a  state  reports.  And  not  all  states  report  all  tests.  For  details  see:  
In  Texas  the  number  of  currently  hospitalized  COVID-19  patients  has  been  over  10k  for  the  last  three  days.  New  York  at  its  peak  had  18.8k  hospitalized  COVID-19  patients.  
Prince  William  And  Kate  Middleton  Named  King  And  Queen  Amid  Coronavirus  Pandemic  As  Queen  Elizabeth  Steps  Down?  
Avoid  eating  meat  until  coronavirus  exists.  The  forwarded  message  further  reads  that  coronavirus  passes  from  animals  to  humans,  thus,  China  is  burning  pigs  to  avoid  this  transmission.
This  just  messed  me  up  cause  I  am  total  against  this  and  I  had  the  test  done  when  rushed  to  ER
417  new  cases  of  Lagos-207  Kaduna-44  Ondo-38  Abia-28  Anambra-21  Plateau-20  Bauchi-13  Oyo-9  Ebonyi-9  Delta-7  Edo-7  Enugu-6  Niger-3  Gombe-2  Ogun-1  FCT-1  Kano-1  49485  confirmed  36834  discharged  977  deaths  
Aggressive  measures  towards  early  identification  prompt  and  effective  treatment  &amp;  enhanced  clinical  skills  of  ICU  doctors  have  actively  led  to  progressive  enhancement  of  India's  Total  Recoveries.
For  PCR  test  Govt  has  fixed  maximum  rates  at  2500  if  the  sample  is  collected  by  approved  Pvt.  labs  themselves  and  2000  if  samples  are  referred  for  testing  by  Govt  or  Pvt  hospitals  Pvt.  labs  
With  the  expanded  national  case  definition  &amp;  addition  of  two  new  laboratories  to  test  for  in  Ibadan  &amp;  Ebonyi  States  the  national  testing  capacity  is  now  at  1500  a  day.  I  applaud  all  our  health  workers  &amp;  emergency  responders  in  this  critical  time~  HMH  
Thinkin  about  when  jim  bakker  was  pitching  colloidal  silver  as  a  covid  cure  back  in  march
The  geography  of  the  epidemic  continues  to  change.  Burden  moving  from  states  that  had  large  early  outbreaks  to  other  places.  
1645  deaths  were  reported  today  bringing  the  total  in  our  dataset  to  81729.  This  does  not  include  5054  probable  deaths  recorded  by  NYC  but  not  published  by  New  York  State  nor  does  it  address  excess  mortality  as  reported  by  the  CDC  here:  
Big  Breakthroug  in  Covid  vaccine  in  india.  indian  gaushala  vigilants  hv  discovered  a  unique  way  of  treating  coronacalled  A  patient  is  needed  to  inhale  the  steam  of  cow  urine  and  get  exposed  to  urine  steam  for  a  minute.  
States  reported  about  25  thousand  new  cases.  Positive  rate  is  hovering  around  7%.  Cases  remain  stubbornly  high  but  the  positive  rate  has  improved  a  lot  since  mid-April  suggesting  we're  capturing  a  larger  chunk  of  the  cases  through  testing.  
Transport  Sec  Grant  Shapps  says  'it's  very  important  we  don't  end  up  in  the  position  of  France  and  Spain'  who've  seen  a  spike  in  cases  as  he  arrives  at  a  cabinet  meeting  ahead  of  the  PM's  announcement  on  new  national  restrictions.  
New  Wuhan  Virus  Data  from  China  Surprises  Doctors  
World  cutest  baby  suffering  It's  very  dangerous  so  stay  home  stay  safe
More  detail  on  this  from  one  of  sharpest  observers  from  livestream.  
'I  would  apologise  I  would  make  fixing  testing  my  first  priority.'  has  called  on  Boris  Johnson  to  apolog
There  are  currently  4563  people  in  managed  isolation  and  quarantine.  Our  current  effective  capacity  is  7103.  This  gives  us  an  excess  capacity  of  2540.  Over  the  next  week  we  are  projecting  3343  arrivals  and  2047  departures  from  our  facilities.
Video  showing  dead  bodies  of  coronavirus  patients  in  Osmania  Hospital's  mortuary.
NEWS!  Hating  Donald  Trump  confers  immunity  to  Coronavirus,  insist  Londoners  
Violating  lock  down  is  COMMON  for  politicians..Don't  be  ashamed  of  them..!  During  d  pandemic  ,  Gujarati  2nd  Worst  ..  Flying  to  a  flame.."force"  him  under  DMA  2005..
In  our  rapid  response  team  is  working  with  NFELTP  to  strengthen  community  testing  for  in  LGAs.  The  team  provides  support  to  newly  reactivated  LGA  walk-in  testing  sites  for  increased  testing  capacity  access  and  awareness  of  at  the  grassroot  level.  
Shadow  Health  Secretary  Jonathan  Ashworth  says  "if  these  restrictions  don't  work...  then  of  course  we  would  consider  further  restrictions"  but  adds  that  this  should  not  be  necessary  "if  we  fix  the  testing  regime"  Read  the  latest:  
There  is  a  Nipah  Virus  outbreak  in  India  amidst  coronavirus  pandemic  according  to  a  warning  form  the  WHO.
there  is  a  warning  against  coronavirus  microchip  vaccines
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Weve  now  tracked  3.2  million  tests  up  161K  from  yesterday  a  noticeable  uptick  from  the  April  avg  of  ~145k  tests.  Note  that  we  can  only  track  tests  that  a  state  reports.  And  not  all  states  report  all  tests.  See:  
All  passenger/express  /  other  trains  cancelled  till  September  30th  due  to  Corona  epidemic.  The  railway  extends  cancellation  of  all  passenger/express  /  suburban  trains  till  September  30  in  the  wake  of  COVID  pandemic.
Coronavirus:  Social  distancing  rules  relaxed  for  couples  in  'established  relationships'  
460  new  cases  of  Lagos-150  Rivers-49  Oyo-43  Delta-38  FCT-26  Anambra-20  Kano-20  Plateau-18  Edo-14  Bayelsa-13  Enugu-13  Osun-12  Kwara-10  Borno-8  Ogun-7  Kaduna-6  Imo-4  Bauchi-3  Gombe-3  Niger-2  Adamawa-1  30249  confirmed  12373  discharged  684  deaths  
HOW  ITALIAN  DOCTORS  FOUND  COVID  SECRET  AFTER  DISOBEYING  W.H.O  RULES
About  8%  of  population  "may  be  infected  and  have  antibodies".  The  "vast  majority"  of  people  are  still  vulnerable  to  the  disease  says  Sir  Patrick  as  he  warns  that  most  people  in  Britain  are  still  in  danger  of  contracting  Live  updates  here:  
Lemon  slices  in  a  cup  of  hot  water  can  save  your  life  from  the  coronavirus.
Video  of  a  man  belonging  to  Tabligi  Jamaat  stripped  naked  and  vandalizing  the  hospital  where  he's  put  under  quarantine.
Devastated  stock  brokers  with  faces  in  hands  clearly  not  taking  coronavirus  precautions  seriously  
There  is  exponential  increase  in  the  testing  infrastructure  which  is  leading  in  rise  of  testing  capacity.  As  on  25th  August  2020  36825520  tests  have  been  conducted  in  the  country:  Secretary  
Actor  Paul  Rudd  pleads  with  'millennials'  to  wear  a  face  mask  in  order  to  prevent  the  spread  of  and  save  lives.  Get  more  on  this  story  here:  
We  still  have  16  significant  clusters  four  of  which  are  now  closed.  The  number  of  cases  linked  to  the  Ruby  Princess  cruise  ship  increases  by  1  due  to  the  linking  of  an  existing  case.
Boris  Johnson  announced  a  range  of  new  restrictions  -  and  warned  they  could  be  in  place  for  six  months.  Get  more  on  the  latest  measures  here:  
Gun-toting  Michiganders  Burn  Witch  As  They  Protest  State's  Coronavirus  Lockdown  
Almost  24k  new  cases  reported  today.  Fourth  day  in  a  row  over  23k  which  hasn't  happened  since  early  May.  The  south  and  west  (and  to  a  lesser  extent  the  southwest)  have  growing  newer  outbreaks  which  are  beginning  to  offset  the  abating  outbreak  in  the  NE.  
The  confirmed  case  is  a  household  contact  of  a  previously  confirmed  case  linked  to  the  cluster.The  probable  case  is  a  nurse  employed  by  Waitemata  District  Health  Board  who  has  been  in  self-isolation.  Affected  areas  at  Waitakere  Hospital  remain  closed.
India  Tracker  (As  on  26  August  2020  08:00  AM)  Confirmed  cases:  3234474  Recovered:  2467758  (76.3%)Active  cases:  707267  (21.9%)  Deaths:  59449  (1.8%)  Via  
Coronavirus  case  in  Uttar  Pradesh  district  India.
The  federal  police  found  thousands  of  reais  inside  the  house  of  Parstate  Health  secretary.  This  money  was  supposed  to  go  to  COVID-19-related  equipment.
Chinese  politician  Xi  Jinping  has  said  that  Chinese  scientists  found  a  cure  for  the  coronavirus  in  cow  urine.
The  Federal  Government  fired  396  thousand  public  servants  who  received  illegally  the  emergency  COVID-19  allowance.
Coronavirus:  Horror  fans  coping  better  with  pandemic  according  to  research  
Recovery  Rate  reaches  a  record  high  of  67.19%.  Recovery  Rate  has  improved  from  63%  to  67%  in  the  last  14  days.  
The  number  of  recovered  cases  is  unchanged  at  1481.  Only  one  case  remains  active.  There  are  no  additional  deaths  to  report.  There  is  no  one  in  New  Zealand  receiving  hospital-level  care  for  COVID-19.
A  photo  has  been  shared  hundreds  of  times  in  multiple  Facebook  posts  that  claim  it  shows  doctors  and  nurses  in  Italy  who  died  from  COVID-19.
Experts  Call  Out  Claims  That  Cow  Dung/Urine,  Yoga,  AYUSH  Can  Prevent  Or  Treat  COVID-19
President  of  Italy  crying  because  of  the  coronavirus  pandemic.
As  of  today  there  are  136  Active  Cases  in  district  in  
The  SARS-CoV-2  has  been  engineered  by  man  edited  from  the  VIH-1  virus.
188  new  cases  of  Lagos-47  Enugu-25  Plateau-21  FCT-14  Abia-11  Delta-10  Bauchi-8  Ondo-8  Kaduna-8  Ogun-6  Imo-5  Benue-4  Katsina-4  Taraba-4  Edo-3  Kwara-3  Oyo-3  Rivers-2  Yobe-2  56017  confirmed  43998  discharged  1076  deaths  
Effects  of  the  new  coronavirus  on  an  infected  person's  lips.
When  you  travel  take  steps  to  slow  the  spread  of  Learn  more  at  
NEWS!  Government  unveils  masterplan  to  avoid  second  wave  of  Coronavirus  by  staying  firmly  stuck  in  the  first  one  
Businesses  and  offices  can  reopen  for  staff  and  customers.  Services  can  be  provided  in  peopleshomes.  Hairdressers  and  beauticians  can  reopen  but  must  wear  PPE.  Hospitality  businesses  can  reopen  but  patrons  must  be  seated  separate  and  have  single  servers.
Kia  ora  Julia  schools  are  considered  a  controlled  environment  with  hygiene  and  distancing  protocols  in  place.  The  10  person  gathering  rule  will  be  reviewed  on  25  May.
Christine  Lagarde  admits  that  something  must  be  done  about  old  people  living  for  too  long
Strategies  for  staying  cool  while  wearing  a  mask.  
Citizen  journalist  released  but  under  house  arrest.  is  having  a  hunger  strike  in  jail.  No  words  about  yet.  They  were  all  arrested  for  covering  the  situation  in  
is  the  newest  state  to  join  others  in  green  on  our  COVID  risk  map.  Cases  are  steadily  decreasing  and  Connecticuts  COVID  preparedness  meets  or  exceeds  international  standards.  
Yesterday  our  laboratories  completed  2401  tests  of  which  2023  swabs  were  taken  in  the  community  and  378  were  taken  in  managed  isolation  and  quarantine  facilities.  This  brings  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  470469.
CORRECTION:  Ireland's  cabinet  has  to  self-isolate  after  health  minister  is  reportedly  tested  for  coronavirus  
Chancellor  Rishi  Sunak  is  being  urged  to  make  good  on  his  promise  to  ensure  the  NHS  has  what  it  needs  to  cope  with  
Representatives  from  several  states  disputed  Fox  News  host  Sean  Hannitys  claim  that  the  Trump  administration  has  had  zero  unfulfilled  equipment  and  supply  requests  from  state  governorsrelated  to  the  coronavirus.  
Centre  rushes  High  Level  Central  team  to  to  assist  in  strengthening  Containment  Surveillance  Testing  and  efficient  Clinical  Management.  
I  see.  Treatments  are  unproven  and  maybe  dangerousbut  any  and  all  Warp  Speed  vaccines  should  be  mandated  w  out  ANY  safety  history.  Got  it.  
Says  coronavirus  is  just  the  damn  flu.
Prime  Minister  Boris  Johnson  faces  Labour  deputy  leader  Angela  Rayner  at  Labour  leader  Sir  Keir  Starmer  will  not  appear  despite  being  out  of  isolation  as  child  tests  negative  for  Follow  live  analysis  
New  antibody  study  raises  concern  about  what  happens  after  coronavirus  infection.  
We  brute  force  it  with  people.  Our  preferred  source  is  the  official  state  website  but  sometimes  they  announce  things  at  press  conferences  or  to  reporters  which  we  make  an  effort  to  track.  -
Australia  appears  to  be  heading  for  its  lowest  daily  increase  in  cases  in  three  months  as  a  state  leader  said  infection  spikes  in  Europe  served  as  a  warning  about  the  dangers  of  exiting  lockdown  too  soon  
Pakistan's  leading  scholar  Mufti  Naeem  suffers  from  coronavirus.  A  few  days  ago,  he  refused  to  close  madrasas  and  mosques.
Governor  of  the  Brazilian  state  of  Bahia  dismissed  a  doctor  who  appealed  to  President  Jair  Bolsonaro  for  chloroquine.
Man  Had  Beef,  Peppers  And  Onions  With  Rice  For  His  Tea  
An  image  claims  that  food  is  being  thrown  and  wasted  by  migrant  workers  while  they  are  moving  out  from  Maharashtra  India.
Another  9  candidates  that  are  in  earlier  stages  of  development  are  being  evaluated  for  inclusion  in  the  COVAX  Facility-
It  is  severe  cases  of  disease  that  cause  acute  issues  for  health  societies  &amp;  economies.  They  are  the  ones  leading  to  overwhelmed  health  systems  to  fear  &amp;  loss  of  confidence  and  in  turn  to  social  &amp;  economic  disruption.  
This  is  a  really  good  and  common  question.  Here's  why  we  don't:  for  some  states  we  could.  For  others  we  could  not.  This  is  dependent  on  what  the  state  shares.  The  aggregate  picture  undoubtedly  shows  a  positive  rate  that  is  too  high.  And  it's  hard  to  quantify  the  uncertainty.  
A  coronavirus  vaccine  may  not  necessarily  be  the  answer.  via  
And  the  potential  long-term  health  effects  in  those  who  have  been  infected  remains  unknown-
Air  moving  devices  carry  particles  further  than  theyd  move  on  their  own.  
or  TRUMP:  "If  we  can  stay  substantially  under  100,000  [American  deaths]  --  which  was  the  original  projection  --  I  think  we  did  a  very  good  job."  
The  China  virus  Covid-19  is  a  Soros/Globalists/Dem  power  grab  perpetrated  on  the  free  world,  in  the  hope  of  defeating  President  Trump.  Ask:  Who  benefits  from  a  bioweapon?  
Today  NCDC  has  accredited  15  laboratories  across  the  country  for  a  total  capacity  to  test  2500  daily  Lagos  State  &amp;  FCT  with  support  from  NCDC  have  established  several  sample  collection  centers  &amp;  national  testing  strategy  is  being  reviewed  to  maximize  testing  -HE  
held  a  virtual  meeting  today  with  States  &amp;  UTs  to  ensure  adequate  Oxygen  availability  in  all  healthcare  facilities  &amp;  unrestricted  intra  as  well  as  inter  State  movement  of  oxygen.  Read  Details:  
Those  coronavirus  patients,,whose  stomach  is  ok,,  should  be  given  coronil  vati...  Those  patients,who  have  stomach  problems  should  be  given  ghiya,tori,roti  only..  and  if  stomach  become  ok,,then  coronilvati..  Allow  me,to  speak  to  doctors.  Casualty  WILLBE  low..  
The  first  case  of  was  reported  on  31st  December  2019  in  Wuhan  China  Five  months  later  the  disease  continues  to  affect  people  in  countries  across  the  globe  If  we  all  we  can  get  through  this  together  
These  historic  cases  under  investigation  will  be  included  in  our  future  reporting.  Where  it  is  concluded  they  have  definitely  been  infected  with  COVID-19  but  are  not  already  included  in  either  NZs  or  another  countrys  case  numbers  they  will  be  added  to  our  total  number  of  cases
The  number  of  deaths  in  Ukraine  in  2020  is  less  than  in  2019  so  there  is  no  pandemic  and  the  lockdown  was  not  needed.
Highlights  of  the  week  44.9  lakh  patients  recovered  highest  in  the  world  Recovery  rate  crosses  the  milestone  of  80%  Hig
Prime  Minister  says  Australia  is  getting  better  outcomes  on  a  per  capita  basis  than  NZ  despite  a  more  extreme  lockdown  there.  We  found  that  claim  to  be  a  fair  call.  Here's  why:  
Well  pick  that  up  in  our  evening  update.  Itll  be  under  Currenton  the  main  spreadhseet.  We  tend  to  update  fully  A-Z  three  times  a  day.  And  we  record  our  daily  data  at  4pm  ET.
Nio  Jess  hospital  has  been  left  without  COVID-19  to  care  for  children  and  young  people  in  Madrid.
Black  Americans  are  hospitalized  for  coronavirus  at  4x  the  rate  of  White  Americans.  
A  video  claimed  a  food  packaging  worker  in  a  restaurant  is  viciously  blowing  air  through  mouth  into  plastic  food  bags  as  coronavirus  continues  to  spread.
We  saw  3  states  report  more  than  2000  cases  today:  California  Florida  and  Texas.  
Seasonal  influenza  vaccination  will  be  mandatory  in  Georgia  this  fall.  COVID-19  mortality  rates  are  significantly  lower  than  the  fatalities  caused  by  other  viruses.
Coronavirus:  Company  behind  15-minute  antigen  test  says  it's  a  'game  changer'  
President  Donald  Trump  has  announced  that  the  Roche  Medical  Company  will  launch  a  coronavirus  vaccine  this  Sunday.
is  considered  the  Gold  Standard  for  the  diagnosis  of  but  it  may  be  possible  that  it  gives  false  negative  report  if  test  is  done  too  early.  That  is  why  has  laid  down  guidelines  that  direct  &amp;  high-risk  contacts  of  positive...  (1/3)  
Exponential  Rise  in  Total  Tests  as  they  cross  6.36  cr.  From  conducting  merely  10000  tests  per  day  on  8th  April  the  daily  average  has  crossed  12  lakhs  today.  The  last  1  crore  tests  were  conducted  in  merely  9  days.  
New  antibody  study  raises  concern  about  what  happens  after  coronavirus  infection.  
Says  wearing  masks  has  been  proven  ineffective.
Nigerians  are  "burning  Chinese  stores.".
Were  grateful  for  the  leadership  &amp;  support  from  to  National  Public  Health  Institutes  in  Africa  including  NCDC  When  the  1st  case  was  confirmed  in  China  &amp;  provided  training  to  lab  risk  comms  IPC  &amp;  case  management  personnel  in  Nigeria  
COVID-19  is  curable  using  traditional  Chinese  medicine  or  steroids,  along  with  antibiotics.
We're  debunking  misinformation  about  coronavirus.  Why?  Because  hoaxes  travel  fast  and  the  numbers  and  causes  of  the  pandemic  need  clarification.  
250  new  cases  of  Plateau-69  FCT-41  Lagos-21  Delta-14  Kaduna-14  Bayelsa-13  Enugu-13  Ekiti-11  Bauchi-9  Ogun-8  Edo-7  Oyo-7  Rivers-6  Adamawa-4  Osun-4  Nasarawa-3  Ebonyi-2  Kwara-2  Gombe-1  Imo-1  53727  confirmed  41314  discharged  1011  deaths  
Meanwhile  even  with  partial  data  the  new-case  curves  continue  to  rise  sharply  in  the  South  and  West.  
New  York  state  hospitals  reporting  thousands  of  fungus  lung  infections  due  to  wearing  a  mask!!
The  fire  incident  at  Rohini  flyover  in  Delhi  India  is  caused  by  hand  sanitiser.
The  third  case  is  a  woman  in  her  40s  who  arrived  in  New  Zealand  on  August  1  from  Manila  via  Hong  Kong.  These  three  people  are  all  now  staying  at  the  Auckland  quarantine  facility  -  The  Jetpark  hotel.
We  still  have  16  significant  clusters  four  of  which  are  now  closed.  There  are  no  additional  deaths  to  report.Yesterday  our  labs  completed  7204  tests  bringing  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  183039.We  remain  at  Alert  Level  3.
386  new  cases  of  FCT-130  Lagos-65  Ondo-37  Osun-29  Plateau-23  Rivers-15  Enugu-14  Nasarawa-12  Bayelsa-11  Ebonyi-11  Ekiti-9  Oyo-8  Edo-8  Abia-6  Ogun-3  Katsina-3  Imo-1  Adamawa-1  43537  confirmed  20087  discharged  883  deaths  
I've  Received  Death  Threats  We  Speak  With  The  Bat  Responsible  For  Covid-19  
A  recent  study  to  appear  in  the  Journal  of  Hospital  Infection  revealed  very  few  "super-spreaders"  in  Hong  Kong  Japan  and  Singapore  implying  that  early  social  distancing  measures  of  these  places  were  effective  in  limiting  COVID  spread.  Read  the  study:  
160  new  cases  of  Plateau-44  Lagos-27  Katsina-18  Edo-15  FCT-14  Ondo-10  Oyo-9  Kwara-6  Abia-4  Nasarawa-4  Kano-3  Ekiti-2  Kaduna-2  Kebbi-1  Ogun-1  53477  confirmed  41017  discharged  1011  deaths  
Brazailian  parliament  went  to  a  hospital  that  should  take  in  COVID19  patients  and  found  it  was  empty.
In  Latest  Move  to  Stop  Coronavirus,  Trump  Urges  Fed  to  Cut  Interest  Rates  His  Heavily  Indebted  Company  Pays  
A  post  about  the  doctor  Marcos  Vargas  of  the  Santojanni  Hospital  died  from  treating  patients  with  coronavirus.
Texas  moved  into  the  top  10  in  the  total  number  of  COVID-19  deaths  that  the  state  has  reported  this  year.  Washington  hit  hard  early  has  now  fallen  out  of  the  top  20.  
Virgin  Australia  Set  To  Change  Their  Name  After  Being  Fucked  By  Coronavirus:  
The  NHS  is  partnering  with  Facebook  to  enlist  new  blood  donors  in  England  Wales  and  Northern  Ireland  ahead  of  a  potential  second  wave  of  COVID-19  
Political  editor  says  "The  government  should  get  credit  for  rapidly  building  testing  capacity  but  the  spectre  of  the  system  stuttering  so  soon  into  the  school  term  is  uncomfortable  -  particularly  since  this  spike  in  demand  was  so  foreseeable"  
Check  out  what  a  huge  difference  it  makes  in  the  numbers  for  the  stateand  why  we  really  need  the  last  few  states  that  don't  report  negatives  or  report  them  incompletely  to  get  on  board.  
Take  action  to  slow  the  spread  of  by  wearing  a  cloth  face  covering  in  public  spaces  keeping  at  least  6  feet  of  physical  distance  &amp;  frequently  washing  your  hands.  Make  a  cloth  face  covering  from  a  t-shirt  scarf  or  cloth  napkin.  Learn  more  at  
India  has  leapfrogged  with  tests!  More  than  4.14  crore  tests  conducted.  India  has  crossed
Update  from  the  There  are  2  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  NZ  both  involve  people  who  have  recently  returned  from  overseas  and  were  in  managed  isolation  facilities.  There  continue  to  be  no  cases  in  the  community.
CDC  says  coronavirus  spreads  mainly  in  the  air,  through  respiratory  aerosols  and  droplets  
according  to  the  New  York  Times,  US  ballistic-missile  submarine  USS  Tennessee  has  eight  confirmed  cases.  Since  the  submarine  was  on  a  mission  for  119  days,  it  indicated  that  the  virus  was  originated  from  the  US.
As  of  July  21:  In  the  last  7  days  cases  increased  in  the  US.  Ten  states  reported  more  than  10000  new  cases  w/  3  states  each  reporting  more  than  60000  new  cases.  Wear  face  coverings.  Stay  6  feet  away  from  others  &amp;  wash  your  hands.  See  more  data:  
NEW:  The  doctors  featured  in  a  viral  video  about  the  coronavirus  pandemic  have  a  history  of  making  unproven  conspiratorial  or  bizarre  medical  claims  
Public  health  authorities  deploy  emotionally  absent  fathers  to  teach  social  distancing  
A  Facebook  post  claims  the  "Covid  19  test  is  a  dangerous  test,"  and  that  the  nasal  swab  test  can  enter  the  brain  and  cause  lasting  damage.
You  may  spread  even  if  you  do  not  have  symptoms.  If  your  health  department  tells  you  that  you  have  been  exposed  do  your  part  to  Any  info  you  share  with  the  health  department  is  confidential.  Learn  more  about  contact  tracing:  
Joo  Doria  governor  of  So  Paulo  signed  a  contract  with  Sinovac  to  develop  a  vaccine  against  COVID-19  in  August.  Therefore  he  knew  all  about  the  disease  and  is  part  of  a  Chinese  conspiracy.
At  the  time  of  especially  when  there  is  disruption  to  health  services;  WHO  recommends  that  mothers  with  suspected  or  confirmed  COVID-19  should  be  encouraged  the  same  as  all  other  mothers  to  initiate  or  continue  to  breastfeed-
Tunisian  researcher  speaking  in  this  video  found  a  cure  against  COVID-19.
One  other  case  that  is  likely  linked  to  the  cluster  is  still  being  investigated.  We  have  undertaken  over  30000  tests  in  the  last  48  hours.  38  people  linked  to  the  cluster  are  now  in  government  managed  quarantine  as  a  precautionary  measure.
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Weve  now  tracked  1.5  million  tests  up  421k  from  yesterday  a  new  single-day  record.  Note  that  we  can  only  track  tests  that  a  state  reports.  For  details  see:  
Focused  and  coordinated  implementation  of  TEST  TRACK  TREATstrategy  focusing  on  early  identification  and  effective  clinical  management  has  resulted  in  low  and  continuously  sliding  Case  Fatality  Rate  (CFR).  
Wearing  a  mask  can  help  slow  the  spread  of  COVID-19.  CDCs  Dr.  Paige  Armstrong  shows  you  how  to  correctly  put  on  and  take  off  your  mask.  keep  your  distance  and  wash  your  hands  to  help  slow  the  spread  of  Learn  more:  
vaccine  deals  in  the  works  with  candidates  producers  says  Union  Health  Minister  in  an  interview  with  
A  study  found  that  the  probability  that  PCR  tests  will  not  detect  the  virus  changes  significantly  over  the  course  of  the  illness.  The  study  found  the  proportion  of  false-negatives  is  highest  before  symptoms  appear  and  lowest  3  days  after  symptoms  appear.  
WhatsApp  chain  sent  by  a  doctor  at  Vall  d'Hebron  Hospital  (Barcelona)  about  coronavirus
667  new  cases  of  Lagos-281  Abia-48  Oyo-45  FCT-38  Ogun-37  Enugu-31  Ondo-23  Plateau-21  Edo-19  Delta-18  Rivers-18  Bayelsa-17  Akwa  Ibom-17  Kaduna-14  Kano-12  Bauchi-9  Gombe-4  Osun-3  Benue-3  Nasarawa-3  Kwara-3  Ekiti-2  Borno-1  19147  confirmed  6581  discharged  487  deaths  
Are  you  still  experiencing  shortages  in  your  hospital  or  practice?  
Italian  doctor  couple  diagnosed  with  coronavirus.
Phase  3  trial  of  Bharat  BioTech's  COVAXIN  to  start  in  Lucknow  and  Gorakhpur:  Dr.  Amish  Pathak  on  COVID-19  Today  on  our  IG  channel.  
There  were  no  Covid-19  deaths  in  Ireland  in  August.
Trump  says  200000  US  coronavirus  deaths  is  'a  shame'  
It's  the  first  night  of  the  Republican  National  Convention.  Here's  a  roundup  of  recent  claims  from  and  other  Republicans  on  COVID-19  the  economy  and  more.  
Todays  second  confirmed  case  is  a  59  year  old  woman  who  travelled  from  Delhi  and  who  arrived  in  Auckland  on  15  June.  She  was  tested  while  at  the  Grand  Millennium  managed  isolation  facility  and  was  travelling  with  her  partner  who  has  also  been  tested  and  whose  result  is  pending.
U.S.  COVID-19  Deaths  Likely  Higher  Than  Reported  Study  Shows  
The  logo  of  a  COVID-19  testing  facility  depicts  Anubis,  the  Egyptian  God  of  Death.
Yes.  In  the  long  term  most  people  expect  a  trend  downwards  but  my  guess  is  that  the  lack  of  available  testing  combined  with  the  lag  of  deaths  for  new  infections  will  combine  to  keep  the  rate  quite  high.
The  Occupational  Safety  and  Health  Administration  did  not  say  that  "masks  dont  work"  against  COVID-19  
Humans  are  getting  sick  because  the  bioengineeredcoronavirus  in  ones  body  is  reacting  to  5G  and  a  coronavirus  vaccine  with  an  RFID  chipwill  be  introduced  as  the  cure  for  the  disease  called  mark  of  the  beast.
CA  Gov  Urges  Residents  to  Panic  Buy  and  Hoard  
In  a  presser  Pence  just  gave  two  important  testing  tidbits:  1)  He  gave  a  total  test  number  of  313000  (we  show  294k  for  a  94%  capture  rate).  2)  He  said  all  labs  are  now  required  to  submit  their  results  to  the  CDC.  We  hope  that  includes  negatives.  
You  will  notice  California  has  a  major  adjustment.  We  are  switching  back  to  state  data  from  other  more  frequently  updated  sources.  This  should  be  a  one-time  adjustment.  More  discussion  here:  And  context  on  California  here:  
The  reasons  for  disrupted  immunization  services  vary.  Even  when  services  are  offered  people  are  either  unable  to  access  them  because  of  reluctance  to  leave  transport  interruptions  economic  hardships  restrictions  on  movement  fear  of  being  exposed  to  ppl  with  
processes  in  place  to  keep  you  safe.  Please  seek  hospital  care  if  you  need  it.  Yesterday  our  labs  processed  23038  tests  for  COVID-19  bringing  out  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  639415.
Lockdown  brought  us  closer,  says  one  couple  in  whole  UK  
Deaths  rose  today  in  our  dataset  by  2194  to  47980.  NoteNew  York  City  is  reporting  4453  more  confirmed  and  probable  COVID-19  deaths  than  the  state  government  is  for  the  city.  If  you  add  those  deaths  into  our  dataset  our  count  (52k)  falls  between  the  CDC  and  JHU.  
UPDATE:  New  hospital  planning  tool  assesses  capacity  &amp;  impact  of  strategies  to  increase  capacity  Improves  responsiveness  of  health  systems  to  pandemic  Publicly  available  interactive  and  adaptable  Full  report  
In  February  WHO  brought  together  hundreds  of  scientists  and  researchers  to  identify  research  priorities.  In  March  we  launched  the  Solidarity  Trial  to  find  answers  fast  about  which  therapeutics  are  the  most  effective-
WHO  announced  that  Alcohol  doesn't  kill  the  corona  virus.
State-wise  details  of  Total  Confirmed  cases(till  27  August  2020  8  AM)  States  with  1-9000  confirmed  cases  States  with  9001-85000  confirmed  cases  States  with  85000+  confirmed  cases  Total  no.  of  confirmed  cases  so  far  Via  
If  you  tested  positive  for  and  have  no  symptoms  stay  home  and  away  from  other  people.  Learn  more  about  CDCs  recommendations  about  when  you  can  be  around  others  after  COVID-19  infection:  
Acc  to  FAQs  on  from  e-ICUs  parents  can  stay  with  their  positive  children  after  explaining  the  risk  and  taking  consent  for  the  same.  
Video  of  a  girl  dying  of  coronavirus.
we've  debunked  a  viral  Facebook  post  which  used  a  govt  site  to  claim  that  tests  can't  distinguish  between  COVID-19  and  a  cold  measles  or  ebola.  Don't  believe  the  misinformation  on  the  internet.  Read  this  instead:  
Covid-19  means  certificate  of  identification  of  vaccination  with  artificial  intelligence.
Today  at  2pm  ET  call  in  to  COCA  Call  Topic:  Applying  COVID-19  Infection  Prevention  and  Control  Strategies  in  Nursing  Homes.  Learn  more  about  the  event  at  
President  Trump  Proposes  Constructing  Bigly  Retractable  Dome  Over  USA  
New  recoveries  in  India  have  exceeded  the  new  cases  for  the  fifth  consecutive  day.  89746  recoveries  have  been  registered  in  the  last  24  hours  in  the  country  whereas  the  number  of  new  confirmed  cases  stands  at  83347.  
As  per  revised  discharge  policy  for  mild/very  mild/pre-symptomatic/Moderate  cases  patients  are  discharged  with  the  advice  to  isolate  at  home  &amp;  monitor  their  health  for  a  further  7  days.  No  need  for  prior  to  discharge:  
Bill  de  Blasio,  the  mayor  of  New  York  City,  said  that  he  would  keep  schools  open  and  if  an  infected  student  was  found  to  be  in  class  it  would  take  only  a  day  to  clean  and  re-open  the  school.
A  video  shot  in  an  empty  Brazilian  emergency  hospital  which  would  therefore  infirm  the  presence  of  a  new  spike  in  Covid-19  cases  in  the  country.
Another  family  member  of  the  Finance  Now  employee  has  also  tested  positive.  We  still  have  one  probable  case  of  COVID-19  in  the  community  which  is  also  linked  to  the  recent  outbreak.
170  new  cases  of  39-Lagos  29-Kano  24-Ogun  18-Bauchi  15-Kaduna  12-FCT  12-Sokoto  8-Katsina  7-Borno  3-Nasarawa  2-Adamawa  1-Oyo  2558  confirmed  cases  of  in  Nigeria  Discharged:  400  Deaths:  87  
Were  in  the  middle  of  a  global  pandemic,  and  the  Trump  Administration  is  preventing  people  from  getting  health  care.    I  cant  believe  this  needs  to  be  said,  but  President  Trump  needs  to  reopen  Obamacare  enrollment,  and  he  needs  to  do  it  now.  Lives  are  at  stake.  
Do  you  have  questions  about  Find  answers  to  commonly  asked  questions  at  
Of  the  total  deaths  69%  deaths  are  concentrated  in  five  States/UT  of  Maharashtra  Tamil  Nadu  Karnataka  Andhra  Pradesh  and  Delhi.  
The  Michigan  change  is  important  context  for  today's  number  of  new  cases  which  is  28615  the  biggest  number  since  5/2.  However  without  Michigan  there  would  still  be  23k+  new  cases  today.  
Fans  Rocked  Over  Elvis  Posters  
Alien  Takeover:  Trump,  Politicians,  and  the  Coronavirus  
I  live  in  Bolton  I  was  offered  one  in  Inverness'  Sky  News  has  spoken  to  people  at  testing  sites  in  some  of  the  country's  hotspots  who  have  shared  their  frustrations  of  trying  to  take  a  test  so  they  can  get  back  to  work  and  school  
Out  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  to  date  is  1378.Yesterday  our  labs  processed  10487  tests.  Our  total  number  of  tests  completed  is  750808.
Current  hospitalizations  ticked  up  for  the  first  time  since  early  May  today.  That's  largely  because  Alabama  began  reporting  hospitalizations  today  which  added  600  people  to  the  known  national  total  of  ~31k.  
Introverts  Everywhere  Secretly  Rejoice  at  Coronavirus  Excuse  to  Isolate  
DPS  School  charging  350  /=  for  these  face  masks  from  Students  .  While  in  market  its  selling  only  20  to  30  Rupees  ,  very  unfortunate  they  should  distribute  these  masks  for  students  free  of  cost  .  And  should  not  charge  them  during  this  pandamic  .
Our  models  estimate  that  has  a  high  positive  test  rate  and  is  near  full  ICU  capacity.  Virginia  has  an  elevated  risk  based  on  our  metrics.  Learn  more:  
Texas  reported  very  large  numbers  today.  There  are  now  more  than  4000  people  hospitalized.  There  were  fewer  than  3000  people  hospitalized  5  days  ago  (and  roughly  2000  two  weeks  ago).  
NEWS!  Coronavirus  agrees  not  to  infect  anyone  while  nation  tries  to  clarify  what  government  is  advising  them  to  do  
How  a  healthy  16-year-old  boy  lost  his  life  to  in  just  12  days.  
A  short  documentary  on  why  the  United  States  is  ruining  the  world  by  failing  to  do  something  about  drinking  bleach  (known  as  MMS,  or  Miracle  Mineral  Solution)  as  a  "miracle  cure"  for  coronavirus.  There  are  worse  things  to  Google  for.  Send  tweet!
Were  largely  following  the  state  heath  departments  though  we  have  enriched  with  media  reports  and  probably  will  do  so  with  TX  if  the  state  continues  to  update  slowly.  -
Misinformation  has  been  spreading  like  wildfire  online  during  but  what  about  offline?  We'd  like  to  know  what  misinformation  is  coming  through  your  letterbox.  We're  looking  for  pamphlets  and  flyers  containing  COVID-19  claims.  Tweet  them  us  so  we  can  check  them!  
COVID-19  UpdateToday  there  are  6  new  cases  of  COVID-19  in  the  community.  They  are  all  linked  to  the  Mt  Roskill  Evangelical  Fellowship  Church  group.  4  of  the  new  cases  are  part  of  a  smaller  cluster  -  a  group  of  14  that  are  associated  with  a  series  of  bereavement  activities.
Six  new  cases  of  have  been  reported  in  Nigeria:  2  in  Kwara  2  in  Edo  1  in  Rivers  and  1  in  the  FCT  As  at  09:30  pm  6th  April  there  are  238  confirmed  cases  of  reported  in  Nigeria.  Thirty-five  have  been  discharged  with  five  deaths  
Coronavirus  has  gripped  Italy  and  nobody  is  willing  to  carry  corpses  off  Italy's  streets.
There  is  a  provision  Rs.  50  lakhs  as  insurance  under  PM  Garib  Kalyan  Package  to  the  family  of  a  frontline  healthcare  worker  who  passed  away  due  to  
How  to  manage  patients  with  OCD  during  
A  video  clip  shows  the  hanging  bodies  of  a  mother  and  child  who  have  committed  suicide  in  Gujarat  because  they  did  not  have  food  during  the  current  COVID-19  lockdown.
Chloroquine  is  an  effective  remedy  for  coronavirus;
The  citizens  can  deny  mandatory  vaccination  if  they  ask  a  specific  set  of  questions  to  their  doctor.  Also  every  vaccine  contains  MRC-5  cells  from  aborted  fetuses.
Priyanka  Gandhi  has  started  buses  to  help  migrants  travel  during  the  COVID-19  lockdown.
testing  status  update:  stated  that  041461636  samples  tested  upto  August  29  2020  1055027  samples  tested  on  August  29  2020  
The  situation  report  for  3rd  August  2020  has  been  published.  Today's  cumulative  discharged  cases  includes  10946  recovered  patients  in  Lagos  State  whom  were  being  managed  at  home.  Read  via:  
Ok  seriously  -  what  are  Reff  and  R0?  The  R0  metric  (pronounced  R-naught)  is  the  rate  of  COVID  growth  beforepublic  health  interventions.  The  R-effective  metric  is  the  rate  of  COVID  growth  afterprotective  measures  were  implemented  (stay  at  home  closing  schools  etc).
Our  combined  total  of  confirmed  and  probable  cases  remains  at  1504.  The  number  of  recovered  cases  is  1482.  There  are  no  additional  deaths  to  report.  There  is  no  one  in  New  Zealand  receiving  hospital-level  care  for  COVID-19.  Nine  significant  clusters  have  now  closed.
Gatherings  of  up  to  10  people  can  continue  but  only  for  wedding  services  funerals  and  tangihanga.  Physical  distancing  and  public  health  measures  should  be  maintained.  Inter-regional  travel  is  highly  limited  to  for  example  essential  workers  with  limited  exemptions  for  others
may  impact  circulation  of  enteroviruses  that  cause  Preparing  for  a  possible  AFM  outbreak  i
As  of  today  there  are  62  Dedicated  Hospitals  in  district  You  may  refer  to  the  list:  
Hospital  in  Pakistan  is  overwhelmed  by  COVID-19  patients
Of  the  total  deaths  69%  are  concentrated  in  five  States/UT  of  Maharashtra  Tamil  Nadu  Karnataka  Delhi  and  Andhra  Pradesh.  
COVID-19  updateThere  are  no  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  New  Zealand  today.  It  has  been  95  days  since  the  last  case  of  COVID-19  was  acquired  locally  from  an  unknown  source.
745  new  cases  of  Lagos-280  Oyo-103  Ebonyi-72  FCT-60  Imo-46  Edo-34  Delta-33  Rivers-25  Kaduna-23  Ondo-16  Katsina-12  Kano-10  Bauchi-8  Borno-7  Kwara-5  Gombe-4  Sokoto-2  Enugu-2  Yobe-1  Osun-1  Nasarawa-1  18480  confirmed  6307  discharged  475  deaths  
The  hotspot  states  remain  hotspots  even  as  their  cases  plateau  a  little  or  even  decline.  However  were  now  seeing  more  deaths  reported  in  these  states.  Today  773  deaths  were  reported  by  Arizona  California  Florida  and  Texas  alone.  
.shows  adults  w/  were  more  than  twice  as  likely  to  have  reported  dining  at  a  restaurant  before  getting  sick  compared  to  adults  w/o  COVID-19.  Choose  pick-up/delivery  if  possible  &amp;  take  steps  like  staying  6  ft  from  others  &amp;  wearing  a  mask.  
2.  Check  total  infection  to  death  stats  in  India.  It  is  more  1%.  3.  Coronil  by  Patanjali  is  an  immunity  booster.  Fabiflu,  or  Remdesivir,  is  one  of  the  DRUGS  that  have  proven  effective  against  covid.  Dont  confuse  vitamin  tablets  code  crocin.
WHO  &amp;  joined  forces  to  support  Belize  in  improving  its  diagnostic  &amp;  training  capacity  and  providing  crucial  equipment  &amp;  supplies  during  
However  the  death  toll  also  reached  a  new  daily  high  of  2700.  The  cumulative  number  of  deaths  in  our  dataset  have  reached  over  55000.  That  does  not  include  5302  probable  COVID-19  deaths  reported  by  New  York  City  but  not  New  York  State.  
Although  cases  in  many  states  declined  over  the  last  7  days  daily  cases  are  now  increasing  in  some  states  particularly  in  the  upper  Great  Plains  Midwest  and  South.  Wear  a  mask.  Stay  6  ft  from  others.  Wash  your  hands.  See  more  data:  
Post  says  two  patients  at  Valley  Regional  Medical  Center  in  Brownsville  Texas  are  being  looked  atfor  possible  coronavirus  infections.
Photo  shows  packed  beach  of  re-opened  Jacksonville  Beach  on  CNN.
You  may  have  seen  high  death  counts  from  other  sources  over  the  last  few  days.  That's  because  New  York  City  and  New  York  State  report  differently  as  you  can  see  in  this  NYC  screenshot.  We  use  New  York  State  numbers.  
A  new  report  shows  many  workers  who  tested  positive  for  COVID-19  at  a  Nebraska  meat  processing  facility  reported  working  close  to  one  another.  Physical  distancing  and  wearing  masks  can  slow  the  spread  of  in  workplaces:  
Protestors  encouraged  to  get  tested  for  
The  post  shows  dead  bodies  of  COVID-19  patients  lying  in  the  LNJP  Hospital  Delhi  (India).
Prince  Charles  recovered  from  COVID-19  with  the  help  of  Ayurvedic  treatment.
South  Sudan's  Chief  Justice,  Family  Refused  Testing  For  COVID-19
Bharat  Biotechs  COVID-19  vaccine  will  be  available  in  the  market  from  15  August,  according  to  a  letter  from  ICMR  about  fast-tracking  the  clinical  trials  of  the  vaccine.
The  cytokine  storm  overactivation  of  the  immune  system  does  not  appear  to  play  a  major  role  in  more  severe  COVID-19  outcomes  according  to  some  unexpected  new  findings.  
New  Zealands  number  of  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  remains  at  1219.Yesterday  our  laboratories  processed  4249  tests  bringing  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  494481.  There  were  542  swabs  taken  in  managed  isolation  and  quarantine  facilities  yesterday.
India's  Deaths  per  Million  Population  is  also  amongst  the  lowest  in  the  World.  India  has  64  Deaths  per  Million  Population  whereas  World's  average  stands  at  123:  Secretary  
Barack  Obama  is  the  first  ex-president  to  ever  speak  against  his  successor.
Claim  that  scientists  from  John  Hopkins  University  say  that  one  can  protect  oneself  against  the  new  coronavirus  with  warm  water  and  Listerine.
FREE  HORSES!!!!  52  thoroughbred  horses  need  homes.  Will  go  to  Sugarcreek  this  Sat.  for  slaughter.  Gentleman  died  due  to  COVID-19  and  his  son    wants  nothing  to  do  with  them.
Weve  hit  a  milestone  with  more  than  a  quarter  of  a  million  COVID-19  tests  conducted!  If  you  have  cold  or  flu-like  symptoms  seek  advice  about  getting  tested.  Its  the  best  way  to  protect  yourself  and  those  around  you.  Phone  Healthline  on  0800  611  116  or  your  GP  for  advice.  
490  new  cases  of  Lagos-142  FCT-60  Bayelsa-54  Rivers-39  Delta-37  Oyo-30  Kaduna-26  Imo-23  Enugu-19  Kwara-17  Gombe-11  Ondo-10  Bauchi-8  Ogun-7  Borno-6  Benue-1  17148  confirmed  5623  discharged  455  deaths  
Africans  Glad  They  Don't  Live  In  America  
Donald  Trump  will  always  put  his  wealthy  and  well-connected  friends  first  that  should  come  as  no  surprise.  But  to  allow  the  banks  to  do  it  on  the  backs  of  small  business  owners  in  the  middle  of  a  global  pandemic  is  a  new  low  even  for  him.  
The  U.S.  has  surpassed  over  1  million  confirmed  cases  of  coronavirus  according  to  data  compiled  by  John  Hopkins  University  
Human  resources  department  institutes  epic  ass-covering  measures  in  response  to  pandemic  
Boil  some  orange  peels  wit  cayenne  pepper  in  it  stand  over  the  pot  breathe  in  the  steam  so  all  that  mucus  can  release  from  yo  nasalMUCUS  is  the  problem  its  where  THE  VIRUS  LIVES!!!
We  can  no  longer  wring  our  hands  and  say  something  must  be  done.  Its  time  for  countries  to  get  their  hands  dirty  and  build  the  public  health  systems  to  ensure  a  pandemic  of  this  magnitude  and  severity  never  happens  again-
Sector  5,  Harola,  Noida  who  came  in  contact  with  Tablighi  Jamaat  members  have  been  quarantined
There  is  no  one  in  NZ  receiving  hospital  level  care  for  COVID-19.  Yesterday  our  laboratories  completed  2575  tests  bringing  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  424719.  The  Minister  is  advised  &amp;  reassured  that  these  numbers  will  continue  to  increase  over  the  coming  days.
ICYMI:  interviews  a  FDA  adviser  who  doesn't  believe  effective  COVID  vaccine  trials  will  be  completed  by  end  of  2020.  Subscribe  to  our  daily  newsletter  for  more  COVID  related  news  &amp;  updates  here:  Full  story:  
They  won't  and  they  can't.  Many  missionaries  have  died  in  corona.  Even  Mother  Teresa  died  a  painful  death.  If  Jesus  could  bring  health,  Christian  hospitals  would  not  be  having  operation  theatres  and  surgeries.  
We're  getting  better  estimates  from  the  UW  Virology  lab.  Will  be  more  updates  today.  They  aredoing  a  lot  of  testing.
A  video  shows  police  killing  COVID-19  affected  people  in  China.
In  February  CDC  Director  Robert  Redfield  said  healthy  people  shouldn't  wear  masks  but  that  advice  is  long  outdated.  This  month  he  said  they're  our  best  defense  against  COVID-19.  
To  protect  yourself  from  avoid  being  exposed  to  the  virus  and  use  everyday  prevention  action  to  prevent  the  spread  of  respiratory  virus:  1)  cover  your  cough  2)  wash  your  hands  3)  stay  home  when  sick  
In  collaboration  with  partners  we  have  expanded  our  testing  capacity.  The  lab  strategic  group  for  set  a  target  to  test  two  million  people  in  3  months.  Our  goal  remains  to  reduce  transmission  &amp;  we  urge  the  public  to  avoid  unessential  travel.  ~  
India  records  more  than  19000  new  COVID-19  cases  for  the  second  consecutive  day  in  a  row.  Delhi  CM  Arvind  Kejriwal  announces  plasma  bank  in  Delhi  to  help  critically  ill  coronavirus  patients.  
The  deaths  today  include  20  deaths  in  Kaduna  State  recorded  in  the  past  month  as  reported  by  A  breakdown  of  cases  by  state  can  be  found  via  
Old  drug,  new  tricks?  Fish  tank  additive  may  treat  coronavirus
There  is  a  known  difference  between  what  states  report  and  what  the  CDC  says  it  is  reporting.  Some  states  report  "people  tested"  while  the  CDC  reports  "specimens  tested."  4  states  report  bothso  we  used  them  to  calculate  a  ratio  to  adjust  the  "people  tested"  numbers.  
See  the  "COVID  Cheating  &amp;  Forgery  looting  in  Udupi  KARNATAKA  "  ..  Gangadhar's  Fathers  Body  ..!!  Where  is  Ethics..?!  .Humanity..?!!  Now  Unpredictable  Battle  started  ..!!  Hospitals  looting  &amp;  Duping  Poors  ..2
Long-standing  inequities  have  put  racial  and  ethnic  minority  groups  at  a  higher  risk  for  Learn  what  we  can  do  to  ensure  all  people  have  the  chance  to  be  as  healthy  as  possible.  See  CDCs  COVID-19  Strategy.  
As  part  of  the  Presidential  Task  Force  on  COVID-19  the  NCDC  DG  provided  updates  on  at  the  press  briefing  convened  daily  by  As  at  3  April  2020  a  total  of  190  confirmed  cases  and  2  deaths  of  have  been  recorded  in  
Kids  are  not  allowed  to  say  goodbye  to  their  parents  before  being  hospitalized  for  COVID-19.
We  are  pleased  to  announce  the  inclusion  of  the  General  Sani  Abacha  State  Specialist  Hospital  Yobe  to  the  NCDC  Molecular  Laboratory  Network.  There  are  currently  62  laboratories  with  the  capacity  to  test  for  in  the  
A  curfew  could  be  introduced  across  London  to  help  prevent  a  second  wave  of  according  to  a  public  health  director  
Coronavirus:  North  East  faces  tighter  lockdown  restrictions  from  Friday  
Although  testing  capacity  is  improving  in  the  percentage  of  tests  that  come  back  positive  is  still  high.  This  means  testing  is  limited  and  many  cases  may  go  undetected.  Michigan  is  moving  in  the  right  direction  -  but  more  tests  are  needed.  
Cuba  was  trying  the  Interferon  Alfa  2B  which  is  a  very  heavy  treatment  normally  used  to  treat  leukemia  with  a  lot  of  side  effects.      The  result  is  little  to  no  benefit  against  Covid.      Its  also  never  been  a  vaccine  as  alleged  by  the  tweeting  mayor,  but  a  drip.
Upside  to  Covid-19:  Pension  Funds  Solvent!  
UK  cases:  Of  returnees  at  the  Novotel  from  June  6-13  we  had  referred  five  people  to  finding  services.  Enforcement  and  other  finding  services  have  not  been  able  to  find  further  contact  details  for  these  people  who  are  considered  low  risk.
Says  Michigan  Gov.  Gretchen  Whitmers  family  spent  May  20  at  her  second  home,  breaking  her  own  stay-at-home  orders.
I  got  in  to  the  hydroxychloroquine  chloroquine  discussion  with  someone  today.  She  feels  like  it  works  people  recover  faster...  I  dissented  and  she  told  me  not  to  believe  everything  I  read.  Its  safe  because  it  didnt  kill  Trump.  I  reminded  her  Trump  never  had  Covid-19.
We  are  pleased  to  announce  the  inclusion  of  the  26th  lab  to  the  national  Laboratory  Network:  Accunalysis  Diagnostic  Centre  Anambra  In  progress:  Katsina  Kwara  &amp;  Gombe  Read  our  FAQs  on  Diagnostics  
Herd  Immunity  Strategy  is  Unethical  and  Unlikely  to  be  Successful  in  the  UK,  warn  scientists,  as  Long  Covid  Sufferers  call  for  more  recognition  
Truth  About  Brad  Pitt  And  Jennifer  Anistons  Relationship  During  The  Coronavirus  Lockdown  
I'm  so  happy  that  were  able  to  do  something  very  concrete  that  will  help  peoplesays  Cynthia  Ogden  who  leads  a  team  at  the  National  Health  and  Nutrition  Examination  Survey.  The  team  turned  their  lab  vehicles  into  mobile  testing  sites:  A  statewide  survey  of  Indiana  residents  in  late  April  estimated  that  infections  were  10  times  that  of  reported  cases  which  is  in  line  with  previous  antibody  studies.  Learn  more  in  Late  April/early  May  antibody  tests  from  some  Atlanta  households  showed  most  residents  had  not  been  infected  with  Black  residents  had  higher  rates  of  past  infection  highlighting  the  need  to  address  racial  &amp;  ethnic  health  inequities.  Learn  more:  Parents:  Help  your  grad  stay  healthy  no  matter  where  life  takes  them.  Whether  its  finding  a  doctor  scheduling  checkups  filling  prescriptions  or  handling  emergencies  use  these  tips  to  help  them  make  their  health  a  priority.  New  report:  Based  on  a  study  of  the  number  of  people  with  SARS-CoV-2  antibodies  in  10  U.S.  metro  areas  in  spring  2020  the  estimated  number  of  cases  in  7  of  the  10  areas  studied  was  10x  higher  than  the  number  of  reported  cases.  Read  more:  Wearing  a  cloth  face  covering  correctly  can  help  prevent  the  spread  of  to  others.  When  you  go  out  on  essential  trips  follow  these  dos.  If  you  have  a  child  remember  those  under  age  2  should  not  wear  a  face  covering.  See  Public  health  professionals  and  students:  Join  us  live  on  Facebook  today  at  1pm  ET  for  to  hear  acute  flaccid  myelitis  (AFM)  experts  discuss  clinical  presentation  treatment  rehabilitation  and  prevention  research  updates.  CDC's  COVID-19  and  HIV"  webpage  is  updated  as  new  facts  and  resources  become  available.  Visit  today  to  learn  how  people  w
Chinese  President  Xi  Jinping  visited  a  mosque  amid  the  coronavirus  outbreak  and  asked  the  people  of  the  Muslim  community  to  pray  about  present  crisis.
One  woman  experienced  mild  symptoms  the  other  was  symptom-free.  Both  presented  for  testing  at  a  Wellington  community  assessment  centre  (CBAC)  as  part  of  their  agreed  self-isolation  plan.
India  registers  a  Record  of  Highest  Single  day  recoveries.  More  than  1  lakh  patients  recovered  in  the  last  24  hours.  
Latest  update  from  It  is  now  24  days  since  the  last  new  case  of  COVID-19  was  reported  in  New  Zealand  and  there  are  no  active  cases  to  report.    Our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  remains  at  1154  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  World  Health  Organization  
.shows  that  in  counties  where  spread  rapidly  during  June  &amp;  July  infections  from  activities  &amp;  events  in  the  community  increased  since  May.  Slow  the  spread  in  your  community:  Wear  masks  in  public.  Stay  6  feet  apart  &amp;  wash  your  hands  often.  
Teacher  Already  Knows  Which  Snotty  Kid  Is  Going  To  Give  Her  Coronavirus  
If  you  maintain  social  distancing  indoors  there's  no  reason  to  have  an  additional  mask  on  top  of  that.
A  video  shows  a  man  spitting  inside  food  packets  during  the  coronavirus  crisis.
As  of  today  (6PM)  a  total  of  1535743  people  have  recovered  from  across  India  
At  least  5  dermatologic  patterns  exist  in  patients  suspected  or  confirmed  for  
The  new  coronavirus  created  by  China  in  a  laboratory  to  "kill  1%  of  its  population".
The  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  remains  at  1206  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  .  There  are  no  new  recovered  cases  today  which  means  the  total  number  of  active  cases  in  New  Zealand's  managed  isolation  and  quarantine  facilities  remains  at  21.
As  for  the  Russian  COVID  vaccine  Fauci  is  among  the  doubters.  
Report:  Outbreak  of  idiocy  spreading  10,000  times  faster  than  coronavirus  
Dude  is  a  hack!      Nothing  worse  than  the  flu!Tell  that  to  the  207,538  Coronavirus  Deaths!      FDA  revokes  emergency  use  for  hydroxychloroquine,  chloroquine
This  sounds  like  lot  of  money  and  it  is.  But  its  small  in  comparison  to  the  10  trillion  dollars  that  have  already  been  invested  by  countries  in  fiscal  stimulus  to  deal  with  the  consequences  of  the  pandemic  so  far-
Donald  Trump  would  receive  $17  million  for  three  hotels  closed  for  four  days  under  Republican  bill!  How  in  the  hell  is  this  right?!
Minding  our  minds  during  Don't  stigmatise  people  with  Maintain  a  safe  physical  distance  but  remember  that  they  need  our  care  and  concern.  
Give  your  immune  system  a  boost  with  Schwabe  India.    Shop  Now-  
Yesterday  our  laboratories  completed  2061  tests  of  those  902  were  testing  of  people  in  managed  isolation  and  quarantine  for  the  routine  testing  on  either  days  3  or  12  of  their  stay.  That  brings  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  433324.
Some  countries  throw  Covid19  infected  dead  bodies  into  the  seas.  Advice  to  stop  eating  seafood.The  World  is  really  coming  to  an  end.Dear  God,  please  intervene.
NEWS!  I  had  the  lockdown  haircut  before  it  was  cool,  confirms  Boris  
Twenty  new  cases  of  have  been  reported  as  follows:  13  in  Lagos  2  in  Edo  2  in  Kano  2  in  Ogun  1  in  Ondo  As  at  09:50  pm  13th  April  there  are  343  confirmed  cases  of  reported  in  Nigeria.  91  have  been  discharged  with  10  deaths  No  of  states  with  confirmed  cases:19  
Bharat  Biotechs  Vice  President  Did  Not  Under  Go  Clinical  Trial  For  His  Companys  Vaccine  Covaxin.  An  Image  with  false  claim  doing  the  rounds  on  social  media.  
Lesotho  has  launched  a  COVID-19  remedy.
Canadas  top  BDSM  doctor  says  wear  a  mask,  leash,  tight  leather  to  prevent  spread  of  COVID-19  
Some  of  it  is  time.  It  takes  time  for  the  deaths  to  come.  The  other  part  is  that  it's  spiky:  deaths  come  in  much  higher  numbers  when  the  population  is  vulnerable  and  the  hospital  system  gets  overwhelmed  (Italy)  or  gets  surprised  (KirklandWA).  -
Through  the  allocation  framework  COVAX  will  ensure  that  low-  middle-  and  high-income  countries  all  receive  the  vaccine  in  a  timely  way  as  soon  as  there  is  supply  of  a  safe  and  effective  vaccine.-
Tamilnadu  DMK  party  Leader  Selva  Kumar  kicked  Lady  Doctor  on  duty.  Forward  this  Video  to  all  group  until  he  will  be  punished,
Donald  Trump  wrongly  claimed  that  New  Zealand  had  a  big  surgein  COVID-19  cases  on  a  day  when  the  country  reported  nine  new  cases.  The  U.S.  has  reported  more  than  50000  new  cases  per  day  for  most  of  July  and  August.  
ISIS  cancels  all  suicide  attacks  amid  coronavirus  scare  
Bill  Gates  plans  to  introduce  microchip  implants  that  will  register  whether  or  not  someone  has  been  tested  and/or  vaccinated  against  SARS-CoV-2.
Video  of  a  burqa-clad  Muslim  woman  being  denied  a  food  kit  distributed  to  help  people  during  the  current  crisis  in  India  due  to  COVID-19,  for  being  a  Muslim.
Our  daily  update  is  published.  States  reported  648k  tests  38k  cases  and  1025  COVID-19  deaths.  
Deaths  also  hit  a  new  high  as  they  probably  will  for  some  days  to  come.  
Five  States  -  Maharashtra  Tamil  Nadu  Karnataka  Andhra  Pradesh  and  Uttar  Pradesh  contribute  70%  of  the  total  deaths  repo
As  of  today  districts  with  the  highest  active  cases  are:  3863  Cases  954  Cases  954  Cases  
Russia  already  has  a  vaccine  to  fight  COVID-19.
Clearly  the  Obama  administration  did  not  leave  any  kind  of  game  plan  for  something  like  this.
National  Expert  Group  on  Vaccine  Administration  meets  the  Domestic  Vaccine  Manufactures  
India  has  crossed  the  milestone  of  conducting  more  than  2.5  Crore  sample  tests  across  There  are  more  than  6
Big  end  of  night  update.  put  out  a  new  number  for  California  testing  (8300  total)  which  really  boosted  things.  We're  seeing  38631  people  tested  up  more  than  10k  since  our  4pm  ET  update.  CA  and  WA  combined  have  now  done  ~48%  of  testing  in  our  data.  
Only  one  case  remains  active.  There  are  no  additional  deaths  to  report.  There  is  no  one  in  New  Zealand  receiving  hospital-level  care  for  COVID-19.  Yesterday  our  laboratories  completed  1262  tests  bringing  the  total  number  of  tests  completed  to  date  to  283525.
Italian  president  breaks  down  and  surrenders  because  of  the  COVID-19  epidemic.
Speech  from  Spanish  King  Felipe  VI  about  coronavirus  was  plagiarized  from  the  book  "Palmeras  en  la  Nieve"  or  "Las  Palmeras."
The  latest  report  shows  adults  65  years  and  older  have  the  highest  rates  of  hospitalizations  followed  by  adults  age  50  64.  Hospitalization  rates  are  cumulative  and  will  continue  to  rise  with  ongoing  COVID-19  activity:  
The  media  pulled  down  an  entire  shelf  of  goods  so  that  they  can  present  the  news  of  people  buying  stuff  in  a  hysteria  over  the  coronavirus."
A  post  says  that  the  USA  arrested  the  man  who  soldthe  new  coronavirus  to  China.
The  Supreme  Court  ruled  today  NO  VOTING  BY  MAIL  !!!
As  of  today  our  for  cases  is  70.38%  
Criminal  inquiry  launched  into  allegations  of  poor  maternity  standards  at  an  NHS  trust.  
Guess  who  is  the  marketing  CEO  of  Zoom?  Pelosis  daughter/Newsomes  cousin.
Says  Wisconsins  in-person  election  has  caused  a  surgein  new  coronavirus  cases
Ultimately  there  are  going  to  be  3-4-5  ways  of  doing  this  accounting  and  they  will  all  provide  useful  information  in  my  mind.  -
State-wise  details  of  Total  Confirmed  cases(till  07  September  2020  8  AM)  States  with  1-15000  confirmed  cases  States  with  15001-100000  confirmed  cases  States  with  100000+  confirmed  cases  Total  no.  of  confirmed  cases  so  far  
Texas  and  Florida  have  a  balanced  budgetwhile  California  is  in  debt  $54  billion  and  New  York  is  in  debt  $6.1  billion.
Trump  explains  he  was  being  sarcastic  
India  Tracker  (As  on  17  September  2020  08:00  AM)  Confirmed  cases:  5118253  Recovered:  4025079  (78.6%)Active  cases:  1009976  (19.7%)  Deaths:  83198  (1.6%)  Via  
American  scientists  have  developed  a  cure  for  the  coronavirus.
Around  60%  of  the  Active  Cases  are  concentrated  in  only  5  most  affected  States.  There  are  13  States  a
Trump  claims  "it  is  the  decision  of  the  President"  not  governors  to  "open  up  the  states."
87  new  cases  of  have  been  reported;  33  in  Lagos  18  in  Borno  12  in  Osun  9  in  Katsina  4  in  Kano  4  in  Ekiti  3  in  Edo  3  in  Bauchi  1  in  Imo  As  at  11:55  pm  25th  April  there  are  1182  confirmed  cases  of  reported  in  Nigeria.  Discharged:  222  Deaths:  35  
The  coronavirus  was  invented  and  patented  in  the  USA  and  then  planted  in  China.
Heres  the  weekly  view.  Test  growth  and  especially  case  growth  has  slowed  this  week.  Current  hospitalizations  rose  this  week  despite  problems  getting  the  data  from  hospitals.  States  reported  6297  COVID-19  deaths  this  week  up  more  than  1000  from  last  week.  
595  new  cases  of  Lagos-156  Oyo-141  FCT-99  Edo-47  Kaduna-27  Ondo-22  Rivers-20  Osun-17  Imo-13  Plateau-10  Nasarawa-8  Anambra-8  Kano-5  Benue-5  Borno-5  Ogun-4  Taraba-3  Gombe-3  Kebbi-1  Cross  Rivers-1  33153  confirmed  13671  discharged  744  deaths  
Medicaid  deadline  extended  to  August  for  pediatricians  and  others  who  serve  younger  patient  populations  to  help  alleviate  COVID-related  economic  hardship.  
Special  envoy  at  WHO  Dr  David  Nabarro  says  'when  people  mix  and  don't  bother  with  face  masks  the  number  of  cases  of  doubles  every  two  days'  and  adds  no  country  in  Europe  is  currently  at  that  stage.  Latest:  
On  average  each  person  in  Kentucky  with  COVID  is  infecting  1.16  other  people.  Because  this  number  is  only  slightly  ab
States  reported  ~28k  new  cases  today.  Because  of  greater  testing  availability  we're  confirming  a  larger  percentage  of  cases  than  in  March  and  April.  Still  the  case  numbers  are  growing  quickly.  Today's  case  number  is  the  second-highest  Monday  in  our  data.  
McDonalds  Announces  That  They  Will  Be  Making  Coronavirus  Testing  Kits  Available  
They  can  do  this  once  they  have  completed  7  days  of  managed  isolation  and  had  a  negative  COVID-19  test.  No  one  will  be  able  to  attend  a  funeral  or  tangihanga  during  their  14  days  in  managed  isolation.  
DYK?  Increased  can  lead  to  increases  in  alcohol  &amp;  substance  use.  If  you  or  someone  you  care  about  is  starting  to  use  alcohol  or  other  substances  or  is  increasing  their  use  during  the  pandemic  see  these  resources:  
Football  player  Cristiano  Ronaldo  turned  all  his  hotels  into  hospitals  to  help  coronavirus  patients  and  is  paying  doctors  and  the  staff.
Coronavirus:  Yemen  is  in  denial  about  COVID-19  -  and  worse  still  there's  a  fog  of  mystery  over  how  many  are  dying  
Office  Memorandum  of  the  Indian  Ministry  of  Health  and  Family  Welfare  declaring  holidays  to  the  states  of  Maharashtra,  Gujarat,  Uttar  Pradesh  and  Sikkim  in  the  wake  of  COVID-19.
The  reported  death  toll  was  very  high  today:  2527  one  of  the  three  highest  days  of  the  outbreak.  Some  of  that  is  due  to  a  large  data  reconciliation  in  Pennsylvania  which  resulted  in  the  state  reporting  554  deaths  today.  
symptoms  take  between  2-14  days  to  develop.  Infected  people  with  no  symptoms  (asymptomatic)  or  just  mild  symptoms  can  still  infect  others.  to  protect  others:  Observe  physical  distancing  Wear  a  face  maskWash  your  hands  frequently  
The  World  Health  Organisation  is  devising  a  five-year  plan  after  warning  a  vaccine  wont  endthe  pandemic.  Follow  live  
All  12  cases  in  the  community  are  Auckland  based.  All  are  connected  to  the  existing  outbreak  as  close  contacts  of  cases  already  reported.  2  of  the  new  cases  are  household  contacts  of  a  previously  reported  case  that  is  still  under  investigation  -  the  GP  from  Mt  Wellington.
The  largest  coronavirus  cluster  in  Indonesia  is  10  thousand  GBI  and  GPIB  Priests  from  Italy  and  Israel.
Since  August  11  our  contact  tracing  team  has  identified  4014  close  contacts  of  cases  of  which  4006  have  been  contacted  and  are  self-isolating  or  have  completed  self-isolation.  We  are  in  the  process  of  contacting  the  rest.
Old  Dalit  woman  beaten  up  by  Christian  missionaries  in  Kerala.
Male  security  guards  are  at  the  highest  risk  for  coronavirus  new  report  says.  
Photo  purportedly  showing  Tom  Hanks  holding  a  volleyball  claiming  the  hospital  staff  in  Australia  gave  it  to  him  as  a  tribute  and  to  cheer  him  up  while  in  quarantine.
The  coronavirus  was  created  in  a  lab  and  patented.
A  video  is  doing  the  rounds  on  social  media  which  claims  that  policemen  are  now  being  tested  positive  for  the  COVID-19.
President  of  the  United  States  of  America  Donald  Trump  tested  positive  for  COVID-19.
A  photograph  of  former  United  States  President  Barack  Obama  with  a  caption  saying  it  was  taken  in  a  "Chinese  laboratory  in  Wuhan.  Barack  Obama  Anthony  Fauci  and  Melinda  Gates  visit  the  virus  factory  probably  to  check  on  the  progress  of  Coronavirus  research."
Please  know  that  we  are  acting  swiftly  and  decisively  to  contain  these  cases.  Both  women  have  followed  all  the  conditions  of  the  plan  as  part  of  the  compassionate  grounds  -  including  not  having  any  contact  with  anyone  on  the  journey  or  using  any  public  facilities.
UPDATE  on  118  laboratories  have  been  included  in  the  network  of  COVID-19  testing  with  a  capacity  to  tes
As  this  was  happening  and  outbreaks  started  to  spread  in  other  countries  there  was  a  huge  surge  in  demand  for  personal  protective  equipment  such  as  medical  masks  gowns  gloves  and  face  protection-
The  novel  coronavirus  was  man-made.
New  update  with  state  data  up  to  4  pm  Eastern:  51  states  reported  4384  tests  performed:  571  positive  3500  negative  and  313  pending.  States  reported  1217  positive  or  negative  test  results  in  the  last  24  hours.  For  more  details  see  
Ratan  Tata  Indian  industrialist  spoke  about  how  the  Indian  economy  would  bounce  back  and  that  he  did  not  believe  experts  predicting  a  slowdown.
_A  video  of  food  packets  deposited  on  a  street  has  been  viewed  millions  of  times  on  Facebook  Twitter  and  YouTube  alongside  a  claim  it  shows  food  donations  for  people  in  Turkey  during  a  novel  coronavirus  lockdown._
NEWS!  Boris  shuts  eyes  and  lobs  another  dart  at  pandemic  options  board  
350  new  cases  of  Lagos-102  Ogun-34  FCT-29  Borno-26  Kaduna-23  Rivers-21  Ebonyi-17  Kwara  -16  Katsina-14  Edo-10  Delta-10  Kano-10  Bauchi-10  Bayelsa-9  Imo-8  Plateau-4  Ondo-3  Nasarawa-2  Gombe-1  Oyo-1  11516  cases  of  Discharged:  3535  Deaths:  323  
is  sitting  on  a  link  between  two  train  bogies  traveling  in  a  very  dangerous  manner.  Migrant  workers  are  facing  greater  difficulties  than  anyone  with  the  announced  to  prevent  the  spread  of  the  mind  is  wandering,  so  govt  should  take  instant  measures.
5  States  that  account  for  60%  of  the  total  active  cases  in  the  country  are  Maharashtra  Karnataka  Andhra  Pradesh  Uttar  Pradesh  &amp;  Tamil  Nadu:  Secretary  
Images  show  Indonesian  doctor  Dr  Hadio  Ali  who  died  due  to  COVID-19.
Our  daily  update  is  published.  States  reported  724k  tests  and  44k  cases.  The  death  toll  today  is  1073.  
As  the  number  of  recoveries  is  increasing  the  gap  between  Active  and  Recovered  cases  is  also  increasing.  As  on  8th  Sept  2020  883697  are  Active  cases  and  3323950  are  Recovered  Cases:  Secretary  
Doctors  of  a  hospital  in  New  Zealand  are  cheering  in  this  video  after  they  cure  the  last  COVID-19  patient  of  their  country  and  shut  the  COVID-19  ward.
IN  ISRAEL  NO  DEATH  FROM  C-19  !  He  told  them  a  super  news  This  is  how  it  arrived  and  this  is  how  I  send  it.  The  cure  for  the  C19  virus  or  the  way  to  eliminate  it  was  achieved.  Information  comes  from  Israel  there  this  virus  did  not  cause  any  death.  The  recipe  is  simple.  1.  Lemon,  2  Bicarbonate.  Mix  and  drink  as  hot  tea  every  afternoon,  the  action  of  the  lemon  with  hotter  baking  soda  immediately  kills  the  virus  completely  eliminates  it  from  the  body.  These  two  components  alkalize  the  immune  system,  since  when  night  falls  the  system  becomes  acidic  and  defenses  lower.  That  is  why  the  People  of  Israel  is  relaxed  about  this  virus.
Nine  cases  have  now  recovered  so  our  total  number  of  active  cases  is  120.  Of  those  39  are  imported  cases  in  MIQ  facilities  and  81  are  community  cases.
Children  in  Oregon  may  be  taken  away  if  their  parent  or  legal  guardian  tests  positive  for  COVID-19.
Nashville  Man  Secretly  Suspects  Friend  of  Having  COVID-19  
The  information  circulating  on  social  media  that  prolonged  use  of  face  masks  by  healthy  people  may  cause  death  is  FALSE  Face  masks  can  be  safely  used  by  healthy  persons  over  the  age  of  2  years  Please  DO  NOT  remove  your  mask  in  public  spaces.  This  can  lead  to  spread  of  
NEW  information  is  available  to  help  you  decide  whether  to  go  out  and  what  precautions  to  take  if  you  do  includi
The  secretary  of  state  is  losing  control  of  this  virus.Shadow  health  secretary  says  that  we  are  at  a  perilous  momentand  that  testing  needs  fixing  now.  Get  more  on  this  story  here:  
COVID-19  Could  Mean  Lock-Down  for  Six  More  Years  
Why  Shredding  the  Constitution  Will  Save  Us  From  the  Coronavirus  
vaccines  should  be  made  available  first  to  those  who  need  them  the  most  in  all  countries:  1Frontline  workers  1Older  people  1Sick  and  vulnerable  populations  
229  new  cases  of  Lagos-90  Katsina-27  Imo-26  Kano-23  FCT-14  Plateau-12  Ogun-9  Delta-7  Borno-5  Rivers-5  Oyo-4  Gombe-3  Osun-2  Anambra-1  Bayelsa-1  8068  cases  of  in  Nigeria  Discharged:  2311  Deaths:  233  
India  scientists  found  that  the  HIV  gene  is  embedded  in  COVID-19,  China's  bio-weapon.
Worse  we're  not  able  to  tell  you  what  the  scale  of  that  problem  is  on  a  state-by-state  or  national  level.  In  Texas  private  labs  are  doing  ~50%  of  the  testing.  In  MA  it's  less  than  25%.  In  AK  it's  closer  to  10%.
Older  adults  and  people  with  severe  chronic  health  conditions  may  be  at  higher  risk  for  more  serious  illness.  Watch  for  symptoms  such  as  fever  cough  and  shortness  of  breath  and  for  emergency  warning  signs.  Find  out  more:  
Mongolia,  close  to  China,  yet  far  from  COVID-19
A  DNA  vaccinehas  been  shown  to  work  in  rhesus  monkeys;  after  exposing  the  vaccinated  monkeys  to  COVID  they  had  less  virus  in  their  lungs.  Read  the  study  from  --&gt;  
Entire  Mumbai  military  lockdown  for  10  days  from  Saturday  please  stock  everythingOnly  milk  and  medicine  will  be  available
A  2005  study  proved  that  chloroquine  is  an  effective  treatment  against  coronaviruses
Meghalaya  government  has  announced  the  closure  of  all  entry  points  to  the  state  from  July  24  to  July  31.  Poet  Varvara  Rao  who  is  an  accused  in  the  2018  Bhima  Koregaon  case  has  tested  positive  for  the  coronavirus  infection.  
You  can  also  download  it  or  if  you  dont  trust  us  we  screenshot  the  public  health  websites  3x  a  day  and  you  can  see  those  too.
Scientists  "are  shocked  to  discover  that  weed  kills  corona  virus
Aggressive  TESTING  leads  to  early  identification  and  isolation  of  positive  cases.  This  coupled  with  efficient  clinical  treatment  keeps  the  Fatality  Rate  down.
1  new  case  in  Papua  New  Guinea      [3:28  GMT]  
Muslims  in  India  are  licking  utensils  to  spread  the  coronavirus.
After  16  hours  of  construction,  the  1st  building  of  Huoshenshan  Hospital  in  has  completed  on  Monday.  The  hospital  is  expected  to  be  handed  over  to  the  military  on  Feb  2  upon  completion  and  put  into  use  for  patients
Are  you  advising  people  to  take  Vitamin  D?  Clinically  proven  to  reduce  severity  of  Covid-19  and  flu.  If  not,  why  not?  Medical  negligence  on  your  part  not  advising  simple  and  cheap  way  to  improve  health  outcomes.  Chronic  Vit  D  insufficiency  in  Ireland  especially  in  winter.
India  has  now  tested  more  than  2  lakh  samples/day  for  This  has  been  enabled  by  commitment  to  set  up  over  1000  Laboratories  and  expanding  testing  mechanisms.  For  details  visit:  
On  Thursday  retail  malls  cafes  restaurants  cinemas  and  other  public  spaces  like  playgrounds  and  gyms  can  reopen.  On  Monday  18  May  schools  will  reopen  to  students  this  will  give  schools  some  time  to  prepare  and  communicate  with  parents.
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Weve  now  tracked  23  million  tests  up  523k  from  yesterday.  For  details  see:  
Over  29000  Indians  reported  new  coronavirus  infections  taking  the  countrys  total  confirmed  case  count  to  9.3  lakh.  A  low  cost  COVID-19  diagnostic  test  kit  developed  by  IIT  Delhi  was  launched  by  Union  HRD  minister  Ramesh  Pokhriyal.  
Native  Americans  in  North  Dakota  will  be  the  first  subjects  to  receive  a  novel  coronavirus  vaccine
Total  Recoveries  in  India  surpass  26  lakh  Increasing  Recovery  Rate  is  coupled  with  a  consistently  falling  Case  Fatality  Rate  
Today  and  CDC  reported  the  death  of  a  person  who  had  been  hospitalized  with  This  is  the  first  reported  death  within  the  US  from  COVID-19  the  infection  caused  by  the  novel  
Dont  follow  Sweden  or  herd  immunity  strategy.  Sweden  is  gaslighted  into  thinking  we  dont  even  have  a  pandemic.  Even  w  6000  deaths,  150.000  long  term  C19  cases  &amp;  numbers  of  infected  is  increasing  (despite  questionable  DIY  tests  that  is  only  offer  here)  ppl  still  dont  believe  it!
Coronavirus  (COVID-19)  is  a  "mix  of  SARS  HIV  tuberculosis  and  malaria."
Pubs  bars  and  restaurants  throughout  England  will  be  forced  to  close  at  10pm  from  Thursday  while  people  have  been  told  to  work  from  home  again  if  they  can  
Another  4422  new  coronavirus  cases  have  been  confirmed  in  the  UK  -  the  highest  daily  number  since  8  May.  It's  up  from  4322  new  cases  reported  on  Friday  and  the  overall  total  nationwide  now  stands  at  385936.  Read  the  latest  here:  
Kenya's  2022  general  elections  have  been  postponed  by  five  years  until  2027  and  the  government  will  use  the  election  budget  to  fight  coronavirus.
3/3  ...  at  the  start  was  reasonably  necessary"  "But  it's  much  more  difficult  now  the  huge  numbers  of  coronavirus  cases  have  reduced  significantly  and  there's  little  community  transmission  to  argue  you  still  need  those  borders  shut."  Quote  source:  
,"Pope  to  UN:  Use  COVID  crisis  to  come  out  better,  not  worse  
Update:  Washingtons  dashboard  is  back  up.  Cumulative  completed  tests  now  stand  at  ~75k.  Surprising:  only  ~10k  tests  over  the  last  3  days  of  reported  data.  
At  NCDC  NiCaDe  activities  have  been  adapted  to  support  response  via  these  sub-projects:  Capacity  development  in  IPC  training  of  HCWs  HepE/Rota-Surveillance  Supporting  implementation  of  AMR  surveillance  &amp;  diagnostic  stewardship  Read  more  
The  previous  method  also  made  sense.  But  if  the  primary  use  of  this  statistic  is  to  understand  the  strain  on  the  hospital  system  then  the  total  strain  needs  to  be  captured.  This  will  also  bring  the  different  state  numbers  closer  to  the  same  standard.
The  Judith  Neilson  Institute  is  working  with  to  tackle  misinformation  during  the  pandemic.  
Coronavirus  can  be  transmitted  through  mosquitos!  During  summers  mosquito-borne  diseases  see  an  upward  surge  and  this  'False'  claim  did  the  rounds  in  WhatsApp  groups  creating  panic.  Join  our  initiative  and  stop  the  spread  of  misinformation  and  fake  news.  
Floridas  refusal  to  report  current  COVID-19  hospitalization  numbers  leaves  us  without  a  critical  data  point  for  one  of  the  worst  outbreaks  of  the  summer  surge.  
The  COVID-19  death  toll  is  exaggerated  because  "the  state"  has  instructed  that  "anyone  who  didnt  die  by  a  gun  shot  wound  or  car  accident"  be  listed  as  a  coronavirus  victim.
A  photo  shows  what  COVID-19  does  in  the  throat.
Between  500,000  and  3.5  million  people  attended  an  anti-corona  protest  in  Berlin  on  August  1st
COVID  has  hospitalists  redeployed  redefined  and  stretched  to  the  limits.  
204  new  cases  of  reported;  80-Kano  45-Lagos  12-Gombe  9-Bauchi  9-Sokoto  7-Borno  7-Edo  6-Rivers  6-Ogun  4-FCT  4-Akwa  Ibom  4-Bayelsa  3-Kaduna  2-Oyo  2-Delta  2-Nasarawa  1-Ondo  1-Kebbi  11:50pm  30th  April-  1932  confirmed  cases  of  in  Nigeria  Discharged:  319  Deaths:  58  
To  date  few  outbreaks  involving  children  or  schools  have  been  reported.  However  the  small  number  of  outbreaks  reported  among  teaching  or  associated  staff  to  date  suggests  that  spread  of  within  educational  settings  may  be  limited.  
Here  are  the  states  reporting  more  than  500  new  cases  today.  Worth  noting  TN  set  a  new  record  high  yesterday.  MS  had  growing  cases  and  their  reporting  broke  down.  OK  set  a  new  record  6/18.  (NM's  data  looks  good  in  recent  weeks.)  
Coronavirus:  Demonstrations  in  Madrid  ahead  of  Monday's  tough  new  lockdown  measures  
156  new  cases  of  Lagos-36  FCT-35  Oyo-29  Kaduna-10  Abia-9  Osun-5  Ogun-5  Enugu-5  Rivers-4  Nasarawa-3  Ekiti-3  Imo-3  Edo-2  Kwara-2  Katsina-2  Plateau-2  Niger-1  54743  confirmed  42816  discharged  1051  deaths  
Were  grateful  for  the  support  from  in  providing  4  ambulances  for  Nigerias  response  These  will  be  used  by  Port  Health  Services  of  Kano  Edo  &amp;  Oyo  State  Emergency  Operations  Centres  to  expand  the  current  capacity  for  transportation  of  cases  
Youre  buying  a  false  story.  My  mom  is  in  a  nursing  home,  stage  4  dementia,  lifelong  asthma.  She  had  COVID  with  no  symptoms.  You  want  to  know  why?  She  has  taken  vitamin  D  for  20  years.  There  is  a  99.8%  survival  rate.  Wake  up  and  take  off  the  damn  masks  already.
Masks  absolutely  protect  against  the  spread  of  COVID  another  3  studies  find.  
ICMR  has  set  up  testing  labs  in  Leh  at  18000  ft  above  sea  level  and  there  are  1366  labs  all  across  Visit  for  more  details.  
Do  not  use  a  face  shield  without  a  face  mask.  A  face  shield  alone  cannot  prevent  the  spread  of  infectious  diseases  like  Read  more  on  the  advisory  on  the  correct  use  of  face  shields  with  face  mask  via:  
India  occupies  the  top  position  in  the  world  in  terms  of  Total  Recoveries.  More  than  43  lakh  have  recovered.  India's  Recoveries  constitute  19%  of  total  global  Recoveries.  
Covid-19  vaccine  by  Oxford  university  a  success,  72  people  'cured'
Coronavirus:  Britons  braced  for  COVID  restrictions  lasting  'more  than  a  year'  ONS  study  finds  
A  common  cold  can  cause  a  positive  COVID-19  test.
India  has  one  of  the  lowest  deaths/million  compared  to  many  countries.  
Claim  that  Sweden  has  refused  to  fight  coronavirus.
There  were  no  COVID-19  deaths  in  Belm  Brazil  on  May  30  and  May  31.
We  are  pleased  to  announce  the  inclusion  of  the  Federal  Medical  Centre  GeneXpert  laboratory  Gusau  Zamfara  to  the  NCDC  Molecular  Laboratory  Network.  There  are  currently  64  laboratories  with  the  capacity  to  test  for  in  the  
143  new  cases  of  Plateau-35  Kaduna-21  Lagos-19  FCT-13  Ebonyi-9  Adamawa-7  Enugu-7  Katsina-7  Edo-6  Kwara-5  Osun-3  Anambra-2  Kano-2  Niger-2  Ogun-2  Benue-1  Borno-1  Sokoto-1  54008  confirmed  41638  discharged  1013  deaths  
Ive  Received  Death  ThreatsWe  Speak  With  The  Bat  Responsible  For  Covid-19  
And  it  was  under  IHR  that  WHO  declared  a  Public  Health  Emergency  of  International  Concern  on  30  January  WHOs  highest  health  security  alert  under  international  law.  At  that  time  there  were  fewer  than  100  cases  and  no  deaths  outside  of  
Russian  Vaccine  To  Be  Mass  Produced  For  US  Market  At  Trump  Sperm  Banks  
India  registers  a  record  number  of  high  recoveries.  More  than  94000  recovered  in  last  24  hours.  Indias  total  recoveries  continue  to  rise  cross  43  lakh  today.  Details:  
Attractive  Woman  Hurt  No  One  Willing  to  Social  Distance  With  Her  
A  letter  supposedly  written  by  Bill  Gates  where  he  says  that  the  coronavirus  is  the  corrector  of  humanity.
India  :  Azim  Premji  Donates  over  50,000  Crore  to  Charity  Currently  this  field  work  is  spread  across  Karnataka,  Uttarakhand,  Rajasthan,  Chhattisgarh,  Puducherry,  Telangana,  and  Madhya  Pradesh,  along  with  some  work  in  the  north-eastern  states  of  India.
There  are  8  people  receiving  hospital  level  care  for  COVID-19  all  are  part  of  the  Auckland  community  cluster.  There  are  two  patients  in  North  Shore  Hospital  one  is  stable  in  isolation  on  a  ward  (connected  to  the  community  cluster)  one  is  critical  in  ICU.
A  study  of  265  patients  at  the  Central  Hospital  of  Wuhan  indicates  Type  A  blood  may  have  higher  risk  for  getting  COVID-19  and  Type  O  a  lower  risk  according  to  a  peer-reviewed  paper  in  The  British  Journal  of  Haematology.  
In  KA  COVID  19  Cases  are  "  not  Spiking  "  ..!!  So  sent  only  90....If  needs  more  Purchase  1210  "Cycle  Pimps"..!!  I.e  administration.  
A  lab  in  Thane  was  closed  for  reporting  false  positive  cases  of  COVID-19
The  reported  number  of  new  cases  was  the  lowest  since  March  27with  a  low  positive  rate  too.  
Drinking  alcohol  can  cure  Covid-19
Through  the  project  trained  staff  and  volunteers  in  distribute  food  water  gloves  masks  antiseptic  liquid  &amp;  information  about  to  those  affected  by  homelessness  people  who  inject  drugs  sex  workers  &amp;  migrants.  More:  
13  new  cases  of  have  been  reported;  11  in  Lagos  1  in  Delta  &amp;  1  in  Kano  As  at  9:30pm  11th  April  there  are  318  confirmed  cases  of  reported  in  Nigeria.  70  have  been  discharged  with  10  deaths  There  are  19  states  with  confirmed  cases  in  Nigeria  
India  reported  over  60000  new  cases  taking  the  countrys  confirmed  case  tally  to  23.2  lakh.  Union  Minister  of  State  for  AYUSH  Shripad  Y  Naik  tested  positive  for  the  novel  coronavirus.  
We're  trying  to  spin  up  the  operation  to  track  more  of  those  missing  numbers  down.  It  is  ...  also  a  lot  of  work.-
WHO  SAGE  COVID-19  vaccine  recommendations  are  taking  shape.  If  you're  modeller/economist  tackling  our  key  Qs  &amp;  haven't  resp
Fourteen  cases  of  have  been  detected  through  US  public  health  systems;  only  2  of  those  were  from  person-to-person  spread.  CDC  will  update  cases  counts  every  Monday  Wednesday  and  Friday.  
Michigan  reports  a  disproportionate  amount  of  COVID-19  cases  and  deaths  among  Black  people.  But  state-level  data  does  not  reveal  the  ways  COVID-19  is  impacting  local  communities.  To  track  this  has  followed  a  few  cities  since  end  of  May.  
Lockdown  2020  Survival  Juice    Get  your  mug  HERE  &gt;&gt;&gt;  
Coronavirus  Q&amp;A  Survival  Kit  
CDC  along  with  state  and  local  health  departments  and  other  partners  is  working  to  better  understand  the  impact  of  during  pregnancy  on  both  the  mother  and  infant.  Learn  about  these  efforts  here:  
Florida  has  shut  down  many  testing  sites  due  to  the  storm  but  heres  a  post  to  help  break  down  the  differences  between  the  Florida  outbreak  and  what  we  saw  in  New  York  back  in  the  spring.  
The  latest  CDC  report  shows  that  after  decreasing  nationally  during  May  and  early  June  the  percentage  of  people  testing  positive  for  increased  slightly  in  some  parts  of  the  country.  Learn  more:  
The  fellowship  of  National  Taiwan  University  Hospital  suggested  the  symptoms  of  critically  ill  patients  with  COVID-19  is  like  the  combination  of  SARD  and  AIDS.  Even  discharged  patients  could  be  a  long-term  asymptomatic  carriers.
These  are  dead  bodies  of  Corona  victim  in  Italy  ,796  dead  bodies  in  single  day  consisting  of  more  than  60  truck.  So  dear  people  of  my  country,  Remember  the  different  between  being  brave  ,  begin  dump.  So  please  stay  at  home  and  praying.
We  just  announced  a  funding  award  from  to  accelerate  development  of  an  vaccine  against  novel  coronavirus  
Some  common  drugs  might  be  used  in  the  fight  against  coronavirus  bioengineer  tells  
To  limit  exposure  to  during  transport  to  &amp;  from  promote:  Respiratory  &amp;  hygiene  measures  Physical  distancing  measures  Use  ofin  Public  transportation  safety  tips  1perpolicy  when  possible  Keeping  of  vehicles  open  when  safe  
'Inevitable'  second  wave  would  happen  says  PM.  Boris  Johnson  has  said  that  he  doesn't  want  a  second  lockdown  but  will  consider  if  current  measures  'need  to  go  further'.  Read  more  here:  
After  damaged  her  lungs  woman  in  her  20s  receives  a  double  
The  Simpsons'  predicted  Tom  Hanks  getting  coronavirus  in  2007.
Across  five  states  this  week  we  commenced  the  assessment  of  Public  Health  Emergency  Operations  Centres  (PHEOC)  for  optimisation.  We  remain  committed  towards  strengthening  sub-national  health  security  as  well  as  capacity  to  manage  disease  outbreaks.  
.finds  steps  that  help  slow  the  spread  of  may  also  reduce  if  widely  practiced.  Report  emphasizes  flu  vaccination  remains  the  best  protection  against  flu.  Getting  a  flu  vaccine  is  more  important  than  ever  during  the  pandemic.  
Fines  of  Rs  500  and  Rs  1000  for  not  wearing  a  mask  and  spitting  in  public  respectively  to  be  implemented  strictly  h
I  survived  homeschooling  in  the  Lockdown  2020    Get  the  t-shirt  here  &gt;&gt;&gt;  (assuming  you  have  survived  homeschooling,  obviously)  
The  first  task  will  be  to  begin  gathering  this  data  in  a  repeatable  way.  Weve  built  out  a  data  structure  we  think  will  work  on  its  own  and  within  the  API.  Were  doing  some  test  data  runs  and  should  be  up  for  regular  tracking  this  week.
Some  pets  in  the  US  have  tested  positive  for  mostly  after  contact  with  a  person  with  COVID-19.  Protect  your  pets:
Why  did  the  state  do  that  with  COVID  patients  in  nursing  homes?  Its  because  the  state  followed  President  Trumps  CDC  guidance.
India  crosses  the  milestone  of  1  million  tests  a  day.  More  than  10  lakh  people  tested  in  the  last  24  hours.  
In  some  cities  and  regions  where  transmission  is  intense  severe  restrictions  have  been  reinstated  to  bring  the  outbreak  under  control-
More  people  have  died  from  knowing  Hillarythan  coronavirus.
The  Spain  Medical  Doctors  Association  is  impressed  by  President  Rodrigo  Duterte's  response  against  COVID-19.
Says  "there  is  no"  COVID-19  virus.
For  the  rest  of  New  Zealand:  The  rest  of  New  Zealand  will  go  into  Alert  Level  2  on  12  noon  on  Wednesday  12  August.  You  will  still  be  able  to  go  to  work  and  school  with  physical  distancing.  Wear  masks  if  you  can  in  public.
UPDATE  1054  case  fatalities  have  been  reported  in  the  past  24  hours.  Of  the  new  deaths  nearly  69%  are  c
A  look  at  1000+  drug  trials  to  treat  and  prevent  COVID-19.  
A  study  from  the  CDC  and  the  WHO  proves  face  masks  do  not  prevent  the  spread  of  a  virus.
Doctor  Donald  Trump  And  The  Coronavirus  
COVID-19  deaths  in  the  Brazilian  state  of  Amazonas  fell  after  visit  of  new  minister  of  Health.
How  South  Korea  Successfully  Managed  Coronavirus  The  nation  fast-tracked  approval  of  domestic  testing  kits  as  soon  as  cases  began  hitting.
Sweden  refused  to  fight  the  coronavirus.
Italy  has  discovered  that  COVID-19  is  a  bacterium  rather  than  a  virus.
Muslims  in  Tamil  Nadu  India  are  flouting  lockdown  rules  to  offer  namaz  prayers  at  night.
As  of  today  acc  to  there  are  a  total  of  2404585  recovered  cases  (of  75.92%)  in  India.  
States  reported  695  deaths.  The  trend  here  has  been  good.  
Two  new  cases  of  have  been  confirmed  in  Nigeria:  1  in  Lagos  and  1  in  Osun  Both  cases  are  returning  travellers  to  Nigeria  in  the  last  7  days  As  at  07:00  am  25th  March  there  are  46  confirmed  cases  of  in  Nigeria.  2  have  been  discharged  with  1  death  
A  photo  of  an  empty  hospital  room.  On  the  caption  it  says  that  this  used  to  be  an  "isolation  room"  for  COVID-19  patients  at  the  HCPM  Hospital  in  Rio.  It  says  also  there  was  now  only  one  COVID-19  case  in  this  hospital.
The  retail  frenzy  in  Malaysian  stocks  is  set  to  face  a  reality  check  
Some  cancer  trials  interrupted  by  COVID  are  now  being  revived.  
453  new  cases  of  Lagos-113  FCT-72  Plateau-59  Enugu-55  Kaduna-38  Ondo-32  Osun-26  Ebonyi-20  Ogun-9  Delta-8  Borno-7  Akwa  Ibom-6  Oyo-5  Bauchi-1  Kano-1  Ekiti-1  47743  confirmed  33943  discharged  956  deaths  
President  Donald  Trump  implemented  a  travel  ban  that  just  didn't  work  400000  people  got  in  from  those  countries  that  were  subject  to  the  restrictions.
The  US  recommends  travelers  defer  all  cruise  ship  travel  worldwide.  like  many  other  viral  respiratory  illnesses  appears  to  spread  more  easily  between  people  in  close  quarters  such  as  those  aboard  ships.  See  newest  travel  advice:  
More  and  more  as  Coronavirus  19  was  created  by  Chinese  army  Lab4it  is  a  biological  weapon!  
A  video  on  social  networks  in  which  you  can  see  how  two  policemen  removed  a  person  from  inside  a  grave.  The  message  with  which  the  images  are  shared  claim  that  this  is  a  man  who  had  allegedly  died  with  a  coronavirus  in  Brazil  and  who  had  been  buried  alive.
Taiwanese  president  and  former  president  were  infected.  The  former  president  died.
testing  status  update:  stated  that  42307914  samples  tested  upto  August  31  2020  846278  sample  tested  on  August  31  2020  
Finally  we  launched  the  first  real  version  of  the  COVID  Racial  Data  Tracker  in  partnership  with  and  the  This  has  been  a  major  effort  by  our  project's  volunteersand  we  hope  it  will  be  useful  to  communities  across  the  country.  
U.S.  records  highest  one-day  COVID-19  death  toll  in  7  weeks  
Medical  director  at  PHE  Dr  Yvonne  Doyle  says  having  both  and  the  flu  is  a  "very  risky  situation"  as  she  encourages  people  who  are  invited  for  a  flu  vaccine  to  have  it.  Live  updates:  
...and  Michigans  infection  rate  has  dropped  to  0.85  (each  person  is  infecting  less  than  one  other  person  the  total  number  of  current  cases  in  Michigan  is  shrinking).  
Coronavirus  vaccines  will  change  recipients'  DNA  and  "the  Covid-19  vaccines  are  designed  to  make  us  into  genetically  modified  organisms."
Our  total  number  of  recovered  cases  1461  and  we  have  only  22  active  cases.  No  additional  deaths.  There  is  one  person  still  in  hospital  and  that  person  does  not  require  intensive  care  Yesterday  our  labs  processed  1841  tests.  The  total  of  tests  completed  is  now  263156
Its  being  reported  that  NC  DHHS  is  telling  hospitals  that  if  they  decide  to  do  elective  surgeries,  they  wont  be  eligible  to  receive  PPE  from  the  state.  The  heavy  hand  of  government.  I  hope  Secretary  Cohen  will  reverse  course.  
Today  the  Midwest  South  and  West  all  reported  their  highest  number  of  cases  since  the  start  of  the  pandemic.  
Bollywood  Actress  Aishwarya  Rai  To  Host  A  Coronavirus  Telethon/Auction  in  Mumbai  
60  days  into  the  coronavirus  crisis,  the  White  House  does  not  have  a  plan,  a  framework,  a  philosophy,  or  a  goal.Real  presidents  lead.  Reality  TV  presidents  dont.  
India  has  entered  Stage-3  of  COVID-19.
There  may  be  10x  as  much  coronavirus  in  the  US  than  reported.  
The  progressively  increasing  daily  new  recoveries  are  due  to  a  focused  attention  on  surveillance  containment  and  effective  clinical  management.  India  created  a  network  of  Covid  Dedicated  Hospitals  to  manage  the  cases.  
As  needed  we  will  refer  people  we  do  not  make  contact  with  to  finding  services.  92  of  these  had  invalid  phone  numbers  so  have  already  been  referred  to  finding  services.
Here's  the  continuing  best  news:  deaths  have  not  turned  upward.  And  the  death  numbers  today  and  yesterday  have  been  too  high  as  they  reflect  Delaware  (yesterday)  and  Arizona  (today)  rectifying  undercounting  of  COVID-19  deaths  from  previous  days.  
Chinese  police  crack  down  on  suspected  coronavirus  patients.
Says  video  of  body  bags  being  dumped  in  a  ditch  shows  the  situation  in  Italydue  to  the  coronavirus.
Coronavirus:  Towns  across  England  added  to  COVID-19  watchlist  -  find  out  if  your  area  is  affected  
There  are  seven  additional  recovered  cases  meaning  this  total  is  now  1481.  Only  one  case  remains  active.There  are  no  additional  deaths  to  report.There  is  no  one  in  New  Zealand  receiving  hospital-level  care  for  COVID-19.
And  one  of  my  core  beliefs  is  that  in  general  projects  like  ours  should  actively  work  against  maximum  virality  for  the  raw  statistics.  The  numbers  need  context  that  others  can  provide  including  our  home  -
There  are  5  people  receiving  hospital  level  care  for  COVID-19  1  in  Auckland  City  Hospital  and  4  in  Middlemore  Hospital.  The  6  new  confirmed  cases  reported  today  bring  out  total  number  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  to  1299.
Some  people  are  more  likely  than  others  to  become  severely  ill  from  which  means  that  they  may  require  hospitalization  intensive  care  or  a  ventilator  to  help  them  breathe.  Some  severely  ill  people  may  die.  Learn  more.  
According  to  the  CDC,  so  far  this  year,  Florida  has  had  1,762  deaths  from  and  5,185  from  pneumonia.    Average  pneumonia  deaths  in  Florida  from  2013-2018  for  the  same  time  period  are  918.    Probably  just  a  coincidence,  yeah?
Indias  Total  Recoveries  continue  to  rise  cross  32.5  lakh  today  5  States  contribute  60%  of  total  cases  62%  of  active  cases  and  70%  of  total  fatality  reported  in  India  
On  22  July  2020  15882  samples  were  tested  for  in  No.  of  daily  samples  tested  for  are  available  in  the  media  bulletin  on  
Terrifying  New  'Man-Coronavirus'  Strain  Identified  
A  Tokyo  hospital  destroys  all  the  PCR-tested  samples  and  tells  patients  instead  that  they  have  tested  negative.
A  chain  indicating  that  a  newborn  named  Martn  Sosa  is  admitted  to  the  Children's  Hospital  (CABA  Argentina).
Well  consider  the  bio-engineered  virus  is  a  flu  virus.  If  you  had  the  flu  you  would  be  poleaxed  for  around  two  weeks,  not  being  able  to  get  out  of  bed.    C-19  is  no  more  powerful  than  a  bad  flu  and  for  you  to  test  positive  for  Covid  material  suggests  a  false  positive.
Because  of  a  WHO  clause  Dutch  primary  schools  are  allowed  to  vaccinate  children  without  their  parents'  consent.
Bill  Gates  faces  trial  in  India  for  illegally  testing  vaccines.
With  10576  new  infections  Maharashtra  records  highest  single-day  spike  in  the  state  so  far.  Starting  2pm  tomorrow  Manipur  to  go  under  a  complete  lockdown  for  14  days.  Bhopal  in  Madhya  Pradesh  to  impose  a  city-wide  lockdown  from  July  24  to  August  3.  
The  common  flu  kills  60  times  more  people  than  the  coronavirus  every  year.
Our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  is  now  1156  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  World  Health  Organization.  Our  combined  total  of  confirmed  and  probable  cases  is  now  1506.  The  number  of  recovered  cases  remains  at  1482.  There  are  no  additional  deaths  to  report.
Weve  still  had  more  deaths  to  the  flu  this  year  than  we've  had  COVID-19.
Are  kids  "17  times"  more  likely  to  suffer  from  the  flu  than  COVID-19?  Its  possible  but  not  conclusive.  incorrectly  uses  "ill  effects"  rather  than  deaths.  His  claim  downplays  the  risks  COVID-19  by  focusing  only  on  death:  
Says  businesses  will  give  you  free  baby  formula  during  the  coronavirus  outbreak.
Says  Kamala  Harris  wants  to  eliminate  beef.
Latest  update  from  the  Today  there  are  4  new  cases  of  COVID-19  at  the  border.  There  continue  to  be  no  cases  in  the  community.  All  four  cases  involve  people  who  have  recently  returned  from  overseas  and  were  in  managed  isolation  facilities.
CIA  Arrested  China  Scientist  For  Creating  Corona  Virus.  US  leading  firm  have  filed  suit  against  China  for  creating  &amp;  spreading  deadly  virus  targeting  to  kill  mass  population  all  over  the  planet
Sadly  there  are  11  people  with  COVID-19  in  hospital  today;  three  in  Auckland  City  four  in  Middlemore  three  in  North  Shore  and  one  in  Waikato.  Eight  people  are  on  a  ward  and  three  are  in  ICU  one  each  in  Middlemore  North  Shore  and  Waikato  Hospital.
See  the  latest  CDC  report  with  new  data  on  illnesses  hospitalization  rates  and  deaths.  Check  it  out  here:  
Health  officials  have  issued  an  urgent  plea  to  stop  the  public  going  to  the  "very  busy"  Royal  Bolton  Hospital  A&amp;E  department  in  the  hope  of  getting  COVID-19  tests  
Missed  our  COVID  Data  101  training?  Head  over  to  our  Youtube  page  These  videos  are  part  of  our  mission  to  create  a  national  shared  understanding  of  the  real-time  state  of  COVID  through  empowering  the  public  with  knowledge  resources  and  confidence.  
Advisory  issued  by  the  state  police  of  Telangana  (India)  instructing  people  to  be  vigilant  about  the  possibility  of  increase  in  thefts  due  to  the  COVID-19  crisis  in  the  country.
President  Trump  blames  Coronavirus  on  slitty-eyed  foreigners,  Muslims,  the  New  York  Times  and  the  D
Over  the  next  few  weeks  we're  expanding  our  testing  capacity  using  Gene-Xpert  machines  as  part  of  the  National  Laboratory  Testing  Strategy  We  remain  committed  to  supporting  ALL  states  in  Nigeria  to  test  trace  and  isolate  Read  the  strategy-  
my  news  apps  send  me  articles  like  trumps  tax  records  are  going  to  bring  down  his  campaignlike.  no  theyre  not.  none  of  his  supporters  care.  he  used  covid  19  like  a  bioweapon  against  the  american  people  (just  like  he  said  china  would)  and  they  still  dont  care
Indias  total  recovered  cases  are  now  double  the  active  cases.  
Coronavirus:  Matt  Hancock  admits  'challenges'  with  COVID-19  testing  after  'sharp  rise'  in  demand  
373  new  cases  of  Lagos-69  Osun-41  Kaduna-40  Oyo-40  FCT-35  Plateau-22  Rivers-19  Kano-17  Ondo-17  Ogun-15  Abia-14  Gombe-12  Imo-9  Enugu-7  Kwara-6  Delta-5  Niger-2  Borno-1  Bauchi-1  Nasarawa-1  48116  confirmed  34309  discharged  966  deaths  
US  President  Donald  Trump  called  Philippines  President  Rodrigo  Duterte  to  ask  for  help  to  "solve  coronavirus"  because  he  cant  handlehis  constituents.
Two  cases  reported  yesterday  from  Kaduna  were  repeat  tests.  Therefore  Kaduna  has  a  total  of  114  confirmed  cases  We  apologise  to  and  remain  committed  to  ensuring  the  release  of  accurate  &amp;  reliable  data  Breakdown  of  cases  by  state:  
The  score  contains  4  simple  components:  1.  +1  for  reporting  positives  reliably  (only  NV  fails)  2.  +1  for  reporting  negatives  sometimes  (e.g.  NY  CA)  3.  +1  for  reporting  negatives  reliably  4.  +1  for  reporting  all  commercial  tests  (All  labs  have  to  report  all  positives.)
Race  to  provide  markets  with  cheaper  treatments  (even  if  one  is  based  on  a  Japanese  drug  already  in  use)  (-Japan)  3  to  4  times  cheaper  than  Do  they  work  
A  May  survey  of  public  attitudes  behaviors  &amp;  beliefs  regarding  recommendations  found  widespread  support  of  stay-at-home  orders  &amp;  nonessential  business  closures.  Most  participants  also  reported  adhering  to  public  health  guidelines.  See  
Over  38.5  lakh  patients  have  so  far  recovered  and  discharged.  The  rate  of  recovery  on  day  to  day  basis  is  showing  an  increas
An  image  shows  what  the  virus  in  the  air  looks  like  under  the  most  advanced  microscope.
Dr.  Anthony  Fauci  "has  known  for  15  years  that  chloroquine  and  hydroxychloroquine  will  not  only  treat  a  current  case  of  coronavirus  but  prevent  future  cases.
Inhaling  the  steam  from  boiled  water  with  dissolved  salt  is  an  effective  cure  for  COVID-19  the  disease  caused  by  the  novel  coronavirus.
It's  also  important  to  note  that  antibody  tests  that  can  distinguish  between  vaccine-acquired  immunity  and  naturally  acquired  immunity  will  be  critical  for  the  design  of  vaccine  clinical  trials:  
New  fears  for  Boris  mental  health  as  he  claims  covid  is  a  bioweapon  triggered  by  sound.  
seems  to  spread  more  easily  between  people  in  close  quarters  such  as  ships.  US  recommends  all  travelers  especially  those  who  are  older  or  have  underlying  health  issues  defer  all  ship  travel  worldwide.  
foundation  is  truly  one  of  the  most  inspirational  forces  of  social  change.  Thank  you  for  changing  the  lives  of  our  kids    
Paraguays  Ministry  of  Health  is  not  following  up  people  who  are  related  to  confirmed  cases  of  coronavirus.
34000  LTC  deaths  have  occurred  since  June.  Even  after  COVID-19s  risks  were  established  facilities  struggled  to  obtain  rapid  testing  and  personal  protective  equipment.  One  health  economist  calls  the  federal  governments  response  a  dismal  failure.
Melania  Trump  Sings  for  Her  Husband  from  the  Rose  Garden  
Latest  update  from  the  Ministry  of  Health:There  are  no  new  cases  today  this  is  the  sixth  day  in  a  row  with  0  casesThere  are  1154  confirmed  cases  in  total  12  more  recovered  cases  since  yesterday.  This  brings  us  to  a  total  recovered  cases  of  1474  
A  video  allegedly  showing  a  man  spitting  on  the  bread  slices  is  being  shared  with  a  communal  spin  in  India.
Only  3  of  2042  clinical  trials  for  therapeutics  include  pregnant  women.  
America  has  been  vaccinating  cattle  for  coronavirus  for  years,  yet  the  news  tells  you  its  new  and  gunna  kill  you  all  so  go  buy  mask.
Drink  coffee  to  fight  Covid19    Drink  Ginger  tea  to  fight  Covid19      COFFEE  YES,  our  regular  COFFEE  has  The  main  Methylxanthine  in  COFFEE  is  the  stimulant  caffeine.  Other  Methylxanthines  found  in  COFFEE  are  2  chemically  similar  compounds,  Theobromine  and  Theophylline.  God  bless
Vaccine  trials  for  could  end  early  if  results  are  overwhelmingly  positive  or  negative  reports  Fauci.  
The  Most  Presidential  Of  Drugs  
Claim:  Top  Georgian  health  official  Gamkrelidze  said  the  COVID-19  vaccine  will  be  available  in  Georgia  in  several  weeks
As  at  11:00  am  3rd  April  there  are  190  confirmed  cases  20  discharged  2  deaths  For  a  breakdown  of  cases  by  states-  Currently;  Lagos-  98  FCT-  38  Osun-  20  Oyo-  8  Akwa  Ibom-  5  Ogun-  4  Edo-  4  Kaduna-  4  Bauchi-  3  Enugu-  2  Ekiti-  2  Rivers-1  Benue-  1
416  new  cases  of  Lagos-192  Edo-41  Rivers-33  Kaduna-30  Kwara-23  Nasarawa-18  Borno-17  FCT-14  Oyo-10  Katsina-7  Abia-5  Delta-5  Adamawa-4  Kano-4  Imo-3  Ondo-3  Benue-2  Bauchi-2  Ogun-2  Niger-1  10578  cases  of  Discharged:  3122  Deaths:  299  
Vladimir  Putin  has  given  Russians  two  options  You  stay  at  home  for  2  weeks  or  you  go  to  jail  for  5years  No  middle  ground  RUSSIA  Vladimir  Putin  has  Dropped  800  tigers  and  Lions  all  over  the  Country  to  push  people  to  stay  Home
We  expect  the  data  for  new  cases  tests  and  deaths  to  continue  to  show  the  effects  of  the  long  weekend  for  at  least  another  day  or  two.  States  that  reported  partial  data  or  no  data  Friday  through  Sunday  will  be  posting  big  numbers.
Bollywood  actor  Shahrukh  Khan  donated  45  Crore  (450  million)  rupees  to  Pakistan.
The  Age  newspaper  has  reported  that  "patient  zero"  in  Victoria's  second  wave  of  coronavirus  was  a  night  duty  manager  at  Melbourne's  Rydges  on  Swanston  hotel,  
Darin  LaHood  stated  on  May  1,  2020  in  a  TV  interview
I  also  have  a  joke  on  COVID  19,  Still  not  received  PCR  report..!!  
COVID-19  UpdateWe  have  9  new  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  in  the  community.  7  of  these  have  already  been  linked  to  previous  cases  in  the  Auckland  cluster.  We  have  4  cases  that  are  still  under  investigation.  They  are  all  believed  to  be  linked  to  the  existing  cluster.
Sometimes  these  people  seek  testing  because  they  have  a  respiratory  illness  &amp;  it  seems  that  an  acute  non-COVID  respiratory  illness  then  creates  the  condition  where  a  residual  COVID-19  virus  is  detected.  Over  the  past  two  months  we  have  seen  four  different  examples  of  this.
Deaths  are  now  rising  quickly  in  the  states  where  cases  and  hospitalizations  have  been  increasing  over  the  past  month.  This  is  a  growing  segment  of  the  country  and  will  likely  continue.  
With  sharply  falling  CASE  FATALITY  RATE  below  2%  India  has  one  of  the  lowest  mortality  globally.  
has  announced  a  Call  for  Papers  on  inviting  practitioners  and  academic  researchers  to  share  challenges  lessons  learned  and  opportunities  for  public  health  practice.  Learn  more  here:  
74%  of  countries  responding  to  a  recent  WHO  global  assessment  of  continuity  of  essential  health  services  during  reported  that  dental  services  have  been  partially  or  completely  disrupted.  This  figure  is  higher  than  for  any  other  type  of  essential  service.  
COVID-19  is  cured  with  hot  water  and  baking  soda.
Twenty-three  new  cases  of  have  been  reported  in  Nigeria;  9  in  Lagos  7  in  the  FCT  5  in  Akwa  Ibom  1  in  Kaduna  and  1  in  Bauchi  State  As  at  08:00  pm  1st  April  there  are  174  confirmed  cases  of  reported  in  Nigeria.  Nine  have  been  discharged  with  two  deaths  
Acc  to  till  23  July  there  have  been  337  cases  in  district  of  of  which  204  have  recovered  and  130  are  active  cases.  
BREAKING!  Americans  on  lockdown  across  the  country  arrange  synchronised  applause  for  the  insurance  executives  they  hope  will  let  them  get  treatment  if  they  get  sick
Asymptomatic  and  pre-symptomatic  nursing  home  residents  with  COVID-19  had  high  viral  loads  raising  concern  about  pre-symptomatic  or  asymptomatic  spread  of  the  virus  among  residents  of  skilled  nursing  facilities.  Learn  more:  
As  of  today  (till  7PM)  in  India  is  at  2.49%.  
Washington  Examiner  Editor  Loses  Head  Up  His  Ass  
Madhya  Pradesh  is  reimposing  lockdown  due  to  rise  in  COVID  cases
Now  cases.  
Queen  Elizabeth  II  has  been  diagnosed  with  coronavirus.
The  UK's  top  scientists  have  proposed  a  two-week  national  lockdown  in  October  according  to  a  newspaper  report  
Kenyan  govt  Kenyan  govt  uses  the  Maasai  tribe  for  the  curfew  after  the  police  failed  to  implement,  Massai  tribe  dont  consider  a  man  as  a  brave  one  Without    killing  a  lion  with  his  spear  and  club.  govt  asked  their  leader  to  bring  his  men  within  24  hrs,  not  a  single  ant  was  seen  in  the  street
Workers  called  back  on  the  job  deserve  access  to  regular,  reliable  COVID-19  testing.
Novel  coronavirus  can  survive  9  days  on  the  road;  you  should  keep  your  shoes  out  a  doctor  from  Milan  says.
The  government  raided  The  Medical  City  and  other  private  hospitals  taking  away  their  personal  protective  equipment  (PPE).
Ontario  government  announces  it  will  blame  the  feds  if  school  reopening  plan  goes  wrong  
As  long  as  hands  are  washed  properly  for  &gt;20  Seconds  all  types  of  hand  soaps  provide  similar  protection  against  
The  governor  of  Rio  de  Janeiro  is  paying  a  special  COVID-19  monthly  allowance  of  BRL  836.00  to  all  inmates  in  the  state.  Meanwhile  the  emergency  COVID-19  for  poor  people  who  are  not  convicted  criminals  is  only  BRL  600.
SERIOUS  EXCELLENT  ADVICE  by  Japanese  doctors  treating  COVID-19  cases.  Everyone  should  ensure  your  mouth  &  throat  is  moist,  never  DRY.  Take  a  few  sips  of  water  every  15  mins  at  least.
Dr.  Dana  Meaney-Delman  was  a  part  of  the  emergency  responses  to  Zika  and  the  Ebola  outbreak.  Read  her  experience  as  she  helped  take  on  
President  Donald  Trump  put  a  hold  on  ALL  EVICTIONS  through  December.
A  photo  that  circulated  on  Facebook  showed  Japanese  government  officials  bowing  down  to  their  frontliners  who  have  been  working  during  the  COVID-19  pandemic.
Today  has  completed  10  million  tests  across  the  country!  This  has  been  made  possible  by  tireless  work  of  ICMR  staff  and  all  partner  labs!  For  more  details  visit:  
Only  8  people  under  the  age  of  65  have  died  of  COVID-19  in  Ireland
If  you  are  sick  with  a  public  health  worker  may  contact  you  to  check  on  your  health  discuss  who  youve  been  in  contact  with  and  ask  you  to  stay  at  home  and  self-isolate  if  youre  not  doing  so  already.  Answer  the  call  to  
Patients  with  +  obesity  are  at  nearly  50%  higher  risk  of  death  study  finds.  
COVID-19  Warrior  Tip:  By  thoroughly  washing  your  hands  with  soap  and  water  throughout  the  day  you  can  slow  the  spread  of  COVID-19  and  protect  your  loved  ones.  Whats  your  warrior  tip?  Illustration  C/O  
Deaths  stayed  above  2000  today.  New  Jersey  alone  reported  460  deaths  today.  
A  doctor  from  Rio  de  Janeiro  Brazil  releases  audio  saying  isolation  should  be  over  since  there  are  few  patients  with  COVID-19  in  the  city.
The  latest  CDC  report  shows  that  the  percentage  of  people  testing  positive  nationally  for  continues  to  increase  particularly  in  the  Southeast  Southwest/coast  and  South-central  parts  of  the  country.  Learn  more:  
NEWS!  Nation  dejectedly  prepares  for  second  lockdown  after  hearing  Boris  Johnson  say  we  wont  need  one  
issues  updated  list  of  51  testing  labs  and  56  collection  labs  for  testing  
There  are  two  cases  considered  to  have  recovered  from  COVID-19  which  brings  the  total  number  of  active  cases  to  24.
What  autopsies  are  revealing  about  the  devastating  effects  of  coronavirus  on  the  body.  
Chief  Minister  has  issued  a  new  Curfew  Timings  from  Tomorrow  Shop  Timing  Will  Be  Morning  9.00  am  to  6.00pm
Russia  has  deployed  hundreds  of  lions  to  maintain  lockdown  order  is  going  viral.
Northern  Ireland  expands  COVID-19  restrictions  across  the  entire  country.  The  restrictions  will  come  into  force  from  6pm  on  Tuesday  and  mean  there  can  be  no  mixing  of  households  in  private  dwellings.  Read  the  latest  here:  
A  Global  Vaccines  Facility  is  engaging  over  160  countries.  The  first  therapy  for  severe  dexamethasone  -  is  in  scale-up.  Dozens  of  other  promising  therapies  are  under  analysis-
The  bad  news  is  the  cases  are  still  rising  the  good  news  is  that  a  reduction  depends  on  collective  efforts  &amp;  adherence  to  recommended  measures.  We  need  more  voices  other  than  NCDC  to  send  the  right  message  to  ~  DG  NCDC  on  
_The  novel  coronavirus  is  not  a  new  virus._
The  average  Tests  Per  Million  Per  Day  have  increased  from  237  in  the  second  week  of  July  to  758  in  the  first  week  of  September.  As  per  advice  countries  need  to  conduct  140  tests  per  day  per  million  population  for  comprehensive  surveillance  for  suspect  cases.  
The  latest  updates  from  the  Director-General  of  Health:There  are  no  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  New  Zealand  today.This  means  New  Zealands  combined  total  of  confirmed  and  probable  cases  remains  at  1503  of  which  1153  are  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19.
In  objection  to  WA's  border  closures  has  drawn  a  comparison  between  and  hepatitis  B  which  he  says  results  in  "thousands  of  deaths  every  year".  But  one  expert  has  called  that  comparison  "ridiculous".  Here's  why:  
Were  in  the  middle  of  a  global  pandemic,  and  the  Trump  Administration  is  trying  to  prevent  people  from  getting  health  care.  
If  the  rate  of  infection  continues  to  rise  I  think  that  will  happen.  Dr  Arif  Rajpura  says  the  government  may  be  left  with  "no  choice"  but  to  enforce  'circuit  breaker'  nationwide  restrictions  to  tackle  a  second  wave  of  Latest:  
Says  the  Chinese  Communist  Party  "will  finally  admit  that  the  real  source  of  the  coronavirus  is  from  a  lab  in  Wuhanlinked  to  its  covert  biological  weapon  programs."
EMAs  CHMP  recommends  approval  of  filgotinib  for  RA.  
Mere  pass  shab  nahi  hai  Seriously  this  is  more  dangerous  virus  the  fake  Azadi  the  the  coronavirus.      
Update  from  the  Prime  Minister  on  COVID-19  Alert  Levels:  The  Prime  Minister  and  Cabinet  have  agreed  that  we  are  ready  to  move  in  to  Alert  Level  2  on  Thursday  but  we  need  to  do  so  as  safely  as  possible.  
Yesterday  our  laboratories  completed  824  tests  bringing  the  total  completed  to  date  to  311121  -  lower  testing  volumes  are  regularly  observed  over  weekends.  Anyone  with  symptoms  that  could  be  COVID-19  should  call  Healthline  their  GP  about  getting  a  test  -  which  is  free.
Global  pandemic  just  the  push  man  needed  to  mow  the  lawn  
Picture  of  a  member  of  Tablighi  Jamaat  beaten  by  police  during  lockdown
Unfortunately  while  this  method  makes  the  numbers  closer  in  somecases  it  doesn't  in  many  others.  Here's  a  bonus  chart  (not  in  the  whitepaper)  that  we  generated  during  this  analysis.  It  shows  the  range  of  possible  specimen  values  compared  to  the  CDC's  reported  number.  
Says  Bill  Gates  said,  We  need  to  develop  a  digital  certificate  that  shows  who  has  received  all  the  vaccinations.  Only  those  with  all  the  required  vaccinations  may  travel,  visit  churches,  participate  in  sports  and  music  events,  get  a  job,  etc.
_A  vaccine  against  coronavirus  was  developed._
A  picture  shows  an  eight-year-old  boy  infected  with  coronavirus.  Prayers  and  shares  on  Facebook  will  help  him.
Last  photo  of  Indonesian  doctor  Hadio  Ali  standing  away  from  his  family  before  he  passed  away  from  COVID-19
Pulmonary  disease  manifestations  of  
Researchers  claim  100  percent  cure  rate  vs.  covid-19  in  100+  patient  trial  conducted  in  Ecuador,  using  intravenous  chlorine  dioxide  
NEWS!  We  cant  sack  Cummings  as  hes  central  to  our  COVID  19  response,  says  government  overseeing  2nd  highest  death  toll  in  the  world  
A  new  on  infections  among  Oregon  residents  found  about  1%  of  specimens  tested  had  evidence  of  a  past  infection  10  times  the  rate  of  infections  identified  by  conventional  testing.  Wear  masks.  Social  distance  &amp;  wash  your  hands.  See  more:  
75%  of  new  confirmed  cases  found  concentrated  in  10  States/UTs.  A  total  of  86508  new  cases  have  been  reported  in  the  last  24  hours  in  the  country  of  which  Maharashtra  alone  contributed  more  than  21000  followed  by  Andhra  Pradesh  and  Karnataka.  
At  we'd  been  preparing  for  and  expecting  antibody  tests  to  show  up  for  weeks.  Just  not  ...  in  this  way.
Theyre  going  to  have  vaccines,  I  think,  relatively  soon.
Another  4926  people  have  tested  positive  in  the  UK  -  the  highest  daily  figure  since  7  May  
A  video  has  been  viewed  tens  of  thousands  of  times  in  multiple  posts  on  Facebook  Twitter  and  Instagram  alongside  a  claim  it  shows  UK  Prime  Minister  Boris  Johnson  offering  cups  of  tea  to  journalists  after  recovering  from  an  illness.  The  posts  were  shared  shortly  after  Johnson  returned  to  work  following  hospital  treatment  for  COVID-19.
This  weekend  if  you  choose  to  spend  time  outdoors  at  an  event  or  gathering  stay  6  ft  apart  &amp;  wear  a  cloth  face  cover  to  slow  the  spread  of  Learn  more  at  
I  would  do  press  events  in  May,  I  would  never  be  asked  about  coronavirus.
On  a  steep  rising  curve  Indias  Recovery  Rate  touches  78.27%.  60%  of  Total  Active  Cases  in  5  Most  Affected  States.They  are  also  reporting  close  to  60%  of  total  recovered  cases.  
As  of  today  there  are  a  total  of  331146  active  cases  in  India  and  246216  samples  were  tested  today  (till  6PM)  for  has  not  reported  a  single  case  till  date  &amp;  &amp;  have  not  reported  any  case  in  the  last  24hrs  
India  conducts  a  record  high  of  more  than  8.3  lakh  tests  for  in  a  single  day.  Week-wise  average  daily  tests  saw  a  sharp  increase  from  around  2.3  lakh  in  the  first  week  of  July  '20  to  more  than  6.3  lakh  in  the  current  week.  
Coronavirus  is  actually  an  expanded  exosome  caused  by  5G.
Theres  no  proof  that  with  deep-swabbing  the  preferred  COVID-19  test  testers  are  implanting  something.
Philippines  Vice  President  Leni  Robredo  is  shown  in  a  quote  card  to  be  advising  the  public  to  "suck  in  their  cough"  to  prevent  spreading  the  novel  coronavirus.
New  in  CDC  &amp;  academic  partners  narrow  timeline  of  when  limited  community  transmission  likely  started  in
George  Floyds  murderfilmed  before  COVID-19.
Sanders  and  AOC  on  the  Coronavirus:  Capitalism  Kills;  Socialism  Saves.
_Research  shows  that  parts  of  the  HIV  genetic  code  have  been  inserted  into  the  new  coronavirus._
Brazilian  MPs  revealed  the  hospital  claiming  it  treats  5000  COVID-19  patients.
664  new  cases  of  Lagos-224  FCT-105  Edo-85  Ondo-64  Kaduna-32  Imo-27  Osun-19  Plateau-17  Oyo-17  Ogun-17  Rivers-14  Delta-11  Adamawa-10  Enugu-7  Nassarawa-6  Gombe-3  Abia-3  Ekiti-3  31987  confirmed  13103  discharged  724  deaths  
ICMR  establishes  high-throughput  testing  centre  at  which  can:  test  6k+  samples  per  day  uses  automated  RNA  technology  operational  24X7  This  will  help  take  testing  to  new  heights!  
How  to  get  tested:  1.  Please  contact  your  STATE  or  NCDC  through  the  listed  communication  channels  2.  Provide  relevant  details  including  symptoms  and  travel  history  if  any  3.  Stay  at  home  and  wait  for  further  advice  
The  Indian  Council  of  Medical  Research  (ICMR)  has  issued  guidelines  about  the  post-lockdown  phase.
Video  shows  quarantined  patients  dancing  in  a  COVID-19  center  in  Mumbai.
Indian  Council  of  Medical  Research  and  Sir  Ganga  Ram  Hospital  have  issued  a  COVID-19  advisory.
Nearly  9.17  lakh  individuals  have  recovered  from  COVID-19  in  India  so  far.  Rashtriya  Janata  Dal  chief  Lalu  Prasad  Yadav  tests  negative  for  COVID-19  while  three  of  his  attendants  test  positive  for  the  virus.  Andaman  island  reports  its  first  COVID-19  death.  
Man  collapses  and  dies  on  the  road  due  to  the  novel  coronavirus.
You  shouldnt  have  to  say  it.  Coronavirus  parties  are  a  BAD  idea.  via  
SHEA  wants  immunizations  to  be  a  required  condition  of  employment  for  anyone  working  in  healthcare.  
Dont  forget  to  join  us  tomorrow  at  2  p.m.  ET  for  our  webinar  on  associated  VTE  risks  and  considerations.  Its  not  too  late  to  pre-register:  
Unfortunately  today  there  are  four  people  in  hospital  with  COVID-19  two  are  stable  and  in  isolation  on  wards  -  one  in  Middlemore  and  one  in  North  Shore  hospitals.  Two  are  in  ICU  at  North  Shore  and  Waikato  hospitals.  We  want  to  send  them  and  their  families  our  aroha.
Treatment  with  statins  was  associated  with  a  reduced  risk  for  a  severe  or  fatal  COVID-19  a  meta-analysis  of  four  retrospective  studies  suggests.  
The  Ministry  are  casting  the  net  wide  and  taking  a  precautionary  approach  and  will  continue  to  contact  and  test  all  possible  close  contacts  of  recent  cases.
Fourteen  new  cases  of  have  been  reported  in  Nigeria;  9  in  Lagos  and  5  in  FCT  As  at  09:30  pm  29th  March  there  are  111  confirmed  cases  of  reported  in  Nigeria  with  1  death.  
In  Chicago,  Covid-19  actually  LOWERED  the  death  rate.
India  registers  more  than  60  thousand  recoveries  each  day  6th  day  in  a  row.  Since  May  2020  there  has  been  a  58  times  hike  in  the  number  of  recovered  patients.  
There  are  7  people  with  COVID-19  in  hospital  today  1  is  in  Auckland  City  hospital  2  are  in  Middlemore  hospital  two  are  in  Northshore  with  2  in  Waikato  5  of  them  are  on  a  ward-  2  are  in  ICU  one  each  in  Middlemore  and  Waikato.  We  want  to  send  aroha  to  them  and  their  families.
I  would  do  press  events  in  May,  I  would  never  be  asked  about  coronavirus.''
1	The  big  numbers  were  driven  by  a  few  big  data  dumps.  New  York  and  Louisiana  were  way  above  average.  But  15  states  reported  over  10k  tests.  Unclear  how  much  of  the  new  variability  in  the  numbers  is  due  to  states  pulling  out  antibody  testing  and  how  much  was  just  Memorial  Day.  1	Mortality  rates  are  low  in  India  because  of  aggressive  testing  and  early  detection  coupled  with  quick  isolation  and  effective  treatment  protocol.  0	Image  showing  Indian  Political  party  (DMK)  workers  demonstrating  with  Go  Corona  Back  balloon.
0	WHO  backtracked  and  now  argues  that  all  economies  should  be  reopened  immediately
0	Gargling  with  bleach  can  cure  coronavirus  caused  by  eating  Chinese  food.
1	Still  not  enough  proof  that  convalescent  plasma  works  with  COVID-19.  0	The  new  coronavirus  pH  varies  from  5.5  to  8.5.  To  defeat  it  we  need  to  consume  more  alkaline  food.
0	The  State  of  Colorado  is  Trying  to  Find  A  Strain  of  Marijuana  That  Will  Kill  The  Coronavirus  0	The  WHO  coronavirus  test  was  a  bad  test.0	A  video  posted  on  Facebook  claiming  that  chloroquine  and  azithromycin  are  proven  cures  of  COVID-19
0	People  are  buying  industrial  bleach  hoping  it  will  act  as  an  antidote  against  the  novel  0	A  line  of  coffins  suggesting  they  are  from  Italy  currently.
1	India's  recovery  rate  soars  past  70%  with  the  highest  single  day  recoveries  of  56110  Record  733449  tests  conducted0	India's  indigenous  vaccine  is  developed  by  in  collaboration  with  Preclinical  studies  with  small  and  large  animals  successfully  completed.  Phase  1  human  clinical  trial  completed.  Phase  2  human  clinical  trial  ongoing.
0	There  are  no  scientific  studies  that  prove  SARS-CoV-2,  which  causes  COVID-19,  exists
0	Italy  did  not  follow  WHO  protocol  and  did  an  autopsy  on  a  corpse  that  died  from  COVID-19  and  realised  that  coronavirus  is  actually  not  a  virus  but  a  bacterium  which  gets  amplified  with  5G  electromagnetic  radiation  that  also  produces  inflammation  and  hypoxia  and  multiple  other  claims.
0	Wuhan  lab  getting  busy0	Says  kitchen  worker  in  viral  video  is  potentially  spreading  coronavirus  by  blowing  into  food  containers.
0	This  US  study  of  821  people  focused  on  the  drug  as  a  way  to  avoid  getting  COVID19.  The  hydroxychloroquine  group  was  slightly  less  likely  to  test  positive  after  two  weeks  11.8%  compared  to  14.3%  in  the  placebo  group  but  researchers  said  were  too  small.  1	Latest  updates  from  the  Director-General  Health  and  the  Police  Commissioner  There  are  no  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report  todayThis  means  New  Zealands  combined  total  of  confirmed  and  probable  cases  is  1499  of  which  1149  are  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  0	Is  he  stupid?  What  am  I  saying?  We  know  hes  stupid.  A  vaccine  that  has  been  rushed  and  not  thoroughly  checked  out  by  science?  Id  rather  take  Lysol.
1	Contact  tracing  is  key.  As  the  pandemic  continues  to  evolve  we're  trying  to  keep  pace  -  that's  why  we  added  a  4th  indicator  Contact  Tracing  to  keep  track.  Read  more  here:  0	is  nothing  but  punishment  given  from  god.  Nazi  Concentration  Camp  on  the  left  and  a  Uighur  re-education  centeron  the  right,  history  to  repeat  itself  because  are  not  only  Muslims  but  an  ethnic  minority  in  China.  0	Drinking  hot  water  ou  tea  kills  the  new  coronavirus  because  it  cannot  resist  heat.
0	is  not  becoming  weak.  did  not  issue  any  such  statement.  Read  our  here.  1	Global  coordination  will  ensure  that  the  vaccines  are  distributed  on  the  basis  of  those  who  need  it  most.  It  also  sp0	A  video  showing  rows  of  black  body  bags  sprawled  on  the  floor  was  taken  from  East  Avenue  Medical  Center  (EAMC).
1	The  second  case  is  a  man  in  his  70s  who  arrived  in  NZ  from  New  Delhi  on  20  June.  He  has  been  staying  at  Commodore  Hotel  in  Christchurch.  He  tested  positive  for  COVID-19  following  routine  testing  around  day  3.1	According  to  the  State  Health  Department  in  is  86.7%:  0	The  nasal  swab  test  for  COVID-19  damages  the  blood-brain  barrierand  can  lead  to  brain  infections.
1	Mild  /  very  mild  /  positive  cases  are  discharged  after  10  days  of  symptom  onset  &amp;  no  fever  for  3  days  without  any  testing  prior  to  discharge.  The  patient  is  advised  to  isolate  himself/herself  at  home  &amp;  self-monitor  his/her  health  for  a  further  7  days.  (1/2)  0	Countries  were  buying  COVID-19  test  kits  since  2018
0	Claim:  India  began  screening  passengers  from  countries  before  it  had  a  single  case:  PM  Modi  Fact:  The  govt  mandated  universal  screening  of  all  international  flights  only  on  Mar  4  by  when  27  cases  had  been  detected  across  5  Indian  states  1	COVID-19  Update  There  are  13  new  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  -  12  of  these  are  in  the  community  and  1  is  in  managed  isolation.We  now  have  69  active  cases  -  49  are  from  the  community  outbreak  and  20  are  imported  cases  in  quarantine.
0	Don't  eat  cabbage,  as  per  WHO  report,  the  coronavirus  stays  in  cabbage  for  a  very  long  time.
1	On  a  continuous  upward  trajectory  Indias  total  recovered  cases  have  crossed  32.5  lakh  today  with  69564  patients  being  discharged  in  the  last  24  hours.  This  has  resulted  in  the  Recovery  Rate  touching  77.31%.  Details  :  1	People  in  England  who  see  their  neighbours  flouting  the  new  'rule  of  six'  are  being  encouraged  to  contact  police  by  the  government  1	But  there  is  good  news  to  report  as  well.  The  7-day  new-case  average  is  declining  in  all  four  of  our  major  hotspot  states:  AZ  CA  FL  and  TX.  1	The  US  public  health  response  to  the  threat  of  has  included  active  monitoring  of  people  exposed  to  COVID-19  cases.  CDC  supported  state/local  public  health  officials  as  they  tracked  445  close  contacts  of  the  first  12  US  cases.  Learn  more  0	You  can  wash  your  hands  ALL  day  long,  use  alcohol  afterwards  and  protect  yourself  from  the  virus  as  much  as  you  can  ..  then  this  Down  pointing  backhand  index  happens  at  your  favourite  restaurant  and  you  wonder  where  the  covid-19  is  coming  from.
0	Slices  of  lemon  in  a  cup  of  lukewarm  water  can  save  your  life
1	After  2  people  with  attended  church  gatherings  in  Arkansas  in  early  March  35  attendees  acquired  the  disease.  Follow  CDC  guidelines  &amp;  consult  with  local  public  health  officials  when  resuming  in-person  operations.  Learn  more  from  0	Kate  Middleton  and  Other  Celebrities  Spark  Pregnancy  Speculation  Amid  Coronavirus  Quarantine  1	With  more  than  8  lakh  average  tests  every  day  India  scales  up  COVID-19  testing  Tests  Per  Million  (TPM)  now  more  than  27000  0	High  alert:  dear  my  brother's  ,  sisters  and  relatives  Chicken  infected    from  corona  virus  found  in  Bangalore  today,  kindly  circulate  the  message  and  avoid  consumption  of  chicken.  Spread  to  your  dear  ones.
0	Works  at  the  Luque  cemetery  near  paraguayan  capital  Asuncin  are  related  to  people  who  died  from  COVID-19.
1	A  virtual  risk  communication  training  was  held  for  health  educators  &amp;  key  communication  stakeholders  across  36  states  &amp;  FCT  Strengthening  Nigeria's  response  activities  in  collaboration  with  0	Trump  University  Doing  Research  For  Coronavirus  Vaccine  0	If  we  use  the  masks  for  too  long  we  risk  developing  a  tumor.
0	Coronavirus:  Saying  aadab  sends  infected  air  into  the  mouth,  claims  BJP  leader  Ramesh  Bidhuri.
One  person  remains  in  Auckland  City  Hospital  in  a  stable  condition  on  a  ward.Our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  remains  at  1178  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  World  Health  Organization.
Dawood  Ibrahim  died  of  Covid-19.
Multiple  Facebook  posts  shared  hundreds  of  times  claim  doctors  from  the  National  Taiwan  University  Hospital  (NTUH)  in  Taipei  have  found  that  COVID-19  the  disease  caused  by  the  novel  coronavirus  is  a  combination  of  AIDS  and  SARS.
Says  Sen.  Thom  Tillis  doesnt  think  restaurant  workers  should  have  to  wash  their  hands.
Ivermectin  cures  COVID-19.
Four  new  cases  of  have  been  reported  in  Nigeria;  3  in  the  FCT  and  1  in  Lagos  As  at  08:00  pm  31st  March  there  are  139  confirmed  cases  of  reported  in  Nigeria.  Nine  have  been  discharged  with  two  deaths  
Bidens  friends  in  China  manufactured  coronavirus  in  a  lab  in  Wuhan,  then  released  it  on  the  world.    Trump  banned  China  travel,  and  Biden  and  the  left  called  him  xenophobic  and  urged  people  to  visit  Chinatowns.    Then  Dems  blocked  off-label  use  of  HCQ.    After  China,  blame  Dems.
A  post  shared  hundreds  of  times  on  Facebook  claims  that  the  Nigerian  presidency  imposed  a  curfew  to  allow  Chinese  companies  to  build  5G  masts.
_Israel  has  manufactured  the  coronavirus  vaccine_
No  99%  of  COVID-19  cases  are  not  totally  harmless.  claim  is  False.  
President  Donald  Trump  said  former  President  Obama  funded  the  coronavirus  that  was  creatical  in  biological  Wuhan  lab.
We're  still  debunking  misinformation  about  coronavirus.  Why?  Because  hoaxes  travel  fast  and  the  numbers  and  causes  of  the  pandemic  need  clarification.  
The  daily  positives  are  a  better  indicator  now  than  they  used  to  be.  More  and  more  states  now  report  all  negative  test  results.  At  one  point  only  a  handful  did.  -
As  part  of  our  work  tracking  COVID-19  we  assiduously  record  which  states  report  what  data.  We've  turned  this  into  a  comprehensive  grading  system  which  you  see  mapped  below.  And  here  is  the  data  the  map  is  based  on:  
During  the  outbreak  its  important  for  everyone  to  know  the  difference  between  N95  respirators  and  surgical  mas
Disinfectant  Out  Of  Stock  In  Many  Supermarkets  
A  police  officer  in  Bihar's  Hajipur  (India)  station  contracted  coronavirus.
Photo  shows  Dr.  Fauci,  Melinda  Gates  and  Barack  Obama  at  the  Wuhan  Lab  in  2015.
Mesenchymal  stem  cells  are  being  reconsidered  as  a  weapon  against  the  body-wide  damage  caused  by  COVID-19.  
Michigan  Gov.  Gretchen  Whitmer  banned  sale  of  American  flags  during  COVID-19  pandemic.
UK  physicians  demand  easing  of  appraisals  and  revalidation  put  in  place  during  COVID.  
In  a  very  real  sense  (Oklahoma  has)  flattened  the  curve.  ...  The  number  of  cases  in  Oklahoma  it's  declined  precipitously.
FaceWine,  Secluedo  and  other  twatty  new  words  we  can  blame  on  coronavirus  
The  risk  of  getting  infected  with  is  higher  when  we  don't  wear  to  public  places.  your  facemask  p
Favipiravir  and  colchicine  could  kill  the  virus  and/or  help  you  avoid  the  symptons
An  image  shared  on  social  media  claims  this  Italian  doctor  couple  worked  day  and  night  and  saved  the  lives  of  134  patients  but  on  the  eighth  day  they  contracted  the  coronavirus  and  died  after  an  hour.
Yeah  we've  been  inferring  the  negatives  there  but  are  feeling  nervous  it  might  include  some  set  of  pending  tests.  We've  got  questions  out  to  the  state  there.  Thanks  for  highlighting:  this  is  our  biggest  current  data  quality  predicament.  -
While  diagnosed  cases  are  falling  in  the  hotspots  a  growing  number  of  states  outside  the  south  show  worrisome  patterns  especially  with  school  reopenings  on  the  horizon.  Here  are  five  of  them.  
Children  are  almost  immune  from  this  disease.
Ted  Kaczynski  Finds  Rebirth  and  New  Relevance  in  Shadow  of  Coronavirus  Pandemic  
Young  people  "have  a  greater  chance  of  being  killed  by  the  HPV  vaccine  than  COVID-19.
Not  only  Daily  Corona  cases  has  been  d  Highest  in  d  world  Since  August  4  Today  Our  Govt  "Transformed"  Corona  ..!  India  recorded  another  "Grime  milestone"  by  Overtaking  Brazil..!!..Now  Indian  Tax  payers  Urge  "Performance  Expert  "  Ministers  ONLY  Carry  out  us  frm  dis..2  
The  DPP  (Democratic  Progressive  Party)  politician  Wang  Shijian  said  Taiwan  has  more  than  500  confirmed  cases.
A  Facebook  post  claimed  that  a  message  from  Stanford  hospital  gives  advice  to  drink  water  every  15  minutes  in  order  to  prevent  COVID-19
11  teams  of  Indo-US  scientists  to  jointly  scout  for  solutions  ranging  from  early  diagnostic  tests  antiviral  therapy  drug  re-purposing  ventilator  research  disinfection  machines  &amp;  sensor-based  symptom  tracking.  
With  high  number  of  sustained  recoveries  India  surges  ahead  with  highest  single  day  RECOVERY.  Nearly  75000  discharged  in  the  last  24  hours.  
Sometimes  when  a  state  reports  a  large  number  of  deaths  it  is  because  they  caught  up  on  a  reporting  backlog  of  deaths  that  occurred  long  in  the  past.  These  are  recent  deaths  reported  with  standard  lag.  58  of  the  72  deaths  in  today's  numbers  occurred  in  the  last  five  days.  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Weve  now  tracked  20.6  million  tests  up  379k  from  yesterday  the  lowest  total  in  a  couple  of  weeks.  One  reason  for  the  low  number:  Texas  still  hasn't  reported.  For  details  see:  
Active  cases  only  22%  of  total  cases.  Recoveries  are  now  26  lakh.  Exceed  Active  cases  by  more  than  18  lakh.  
Publications  that  state  that  "the  new  vaccine  contains  digitizable  RNA"  an  alleged  "replicant  that  is  activated  by  5G"  and  that  is  why  "the  virus  can  be  reactivated  after  the  patient  recovers"
A  viral  video  purportedly  from  Italy  shows  a  child  crying  for  his  mother  who  died  due  to  coronavirus.
We  just  announced  that  the  Phase  3  study  of  mRNA-1273  our  vaccine  candidate  against  COVID-19  has  begun.  The  Phase  3  study  being  conducted  in  collaboration  with  and  Read  more  here:  
Runny  nose  and  coughing  sputum  are  not  symptoms  of  COVID-19.
WHO  &amp;  helped  strengthen  the  health  system  of  Zambia  through  procurement  &amp;  delivery  of  response  equipment  and  transport  facilities.  More  details  
We  are  months  into  this  crisis,  and  Donald  Trump  still  doesn't  have  a  comprehensive  plan  when  it  comes  to  COVID-19  or  the  economy.  It's  unacceptable.  I  released  a  detailed  plan  laying  out  what  I  would  do  months  ago,  and  have  built  on  it  since.  Take  a  look:  
A  person  who  visited  Badusha  Hypermarket  Perambra  was  found  COVID-19  positive  and  hence  all  those  who  have  visited  the  hypermarket  on  16th  July  2020  are  asked  to  report  to  Perambra  Taluk  Hospital.
It  has  been  93  days  since  the  last  case  of  COVID-19  was  acquired  locally  from  an  unknown  source.  The  total  number  of  active  cases  of  COVID-19  in  New  Zealands  managed  isolation  and  quarantine  facilities  is  now  25.
On-the-ground  reporting  has  been  indicating  that  testing  capacity  is  constrained  right  now  but  we  hadnt  seen  that  in  our  data.  Now  after  weeks  of  the  7-day  average  moving  upwards  testing  has  stalled  even  as  cases  reach  new  highs.  
Daily  New  Cases  (Incidence)  has  changed  the  risk  score  for  many  states  and  counties.  This  change  may  be  disheartening  but  we  believe  it  is  important  for  our  COVID  risk  score  to  reflect  risk  as  accurately  as  possible  and  adding  this  metric  improves  our  ability  to  do  so.
The  number  of  COVID-19  deaths  in  Cearstate  Brazil  fell  by  90%  after  an  operation  by  the  federal  police  to  investigate  frauds  with  the  death  toll.
The  Coronavirus  Self-Checker  can  be  used  by  parents  caregivers  and  adolescents  to  help  decide  when  to  seek  testing  or  medical  care  for  Learn  more:  
The  same  weekend  lag  effect  may  or  may  not  be  at  play  with  deaths.  We'll  see  tomorrow  if  we're  reaching  a  new  lower  plateau  or  if  we're  going  to  see  higher  numbers  Tuesday-Friday  again.  
Latest  updates  from  Ministry  of  Health  -  ManatHauora:  There  are  no  new  cases  of  COVID-19  to  report  in  New  Zealand  today.  Our  total  number  of  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19  remains  at  1154  which  is  the  number  we  report  to  the  World  Health  Organization.  
Are  you  concerned  about  possible  symptoms  and/or  exposure?  Consult  the  screening  tool  developed  w/  
State-wise  details  of  Total  Confirmed  cases  (till  17  September  2020  8  AM)  States  with  1-20000  confirmed  cases  States  with  20001-115000  confirmed  cases  States  with  115000+  confirmed  cases  Total  no.  of  confirmed  cases  so  far  
Testing  in  London  is  still  a  mess.Mayor  of  London  Sadiq  Khan  explains  what  new  measures  he  would  like  to  see  in  the  capital  and  calls  to  sit  in  on  of  the  governments  COBRA  meeting.  Get  the  latest  on  
114  new  cases  of  have  been  reported;  80  in  Lagos  21  in  Gombe  5  in  FCT  2  in  Zamfara  2  in  Edo  1  in  Ogun  1  in  Oyo  1  in  Kaduna  1  in  Sokoto  As  at  11:30  pm  24th  April  there  are  1095  confirmed  cases  of  reported  in  Nigeria.  Discharged:  208  Deaths:  32  
Israel  has  become  the  first  country  to  reimpose  a  strict  nationwide  lockdown  to  stop  the  spread  of  From  Friday  schools  restaurants  and  hotels  will  shut  -  and  restrictions  on  movement  will  be  in  place  for  at  least  three  weeks.  World  news:  
Says  Anthony  Fauci  is  married  to  Ghislaine  Maxwells  sister.
An  image  of  several  bodies  laying  on  the  ground  went  viral  on  social  media  where  it  is  claimed  that  they  are  victims  of  the  coronavirus  in  Ecuador.
its  bizarre  which  conspiracies  or  whatever  people  will  believe  while  refusing  to  question  other  shit  like  my  aunt  who  still  thinks  covid  is  a  chinese  bioweapon  scoffed  at  me  for  implying  the  government  doesnt  really  want  people  to  vote
Saint  Patrick  Is  Back  To  Banish  Covid-19  
Enhanced  Interrogation  supervisor  under  investigation  as  she  failed  to  provide  protective  face  masks
Bharat  Biotech  VP,  Taking  The  First  Dose  Of  COVID-19  Vaccine  COVAXIN  Developed  By  His  Team.
President  of  Sri  Lanka  has  contracted  COVID-19.
According  to  a  Greek  journalist  COVID-19  is  not  a  pandemic  since  the  dead  count  has  only  been  300000  people  and  the  WHO  was  defrauded  by  a  private  company  to  impose  social  distancing  measures.
Photo  that  shows  the  connection  between  introduction  of  radio  waves  and  internet  technologies  with  the  novel  coronavirus  and  other  previous  pandemics.
Covid  is  never  going  away!  This  is  the  beach  today  in  Raleigh,  North  Carolina.
A  video  of  hospital  workers  in  France  putting  on  tattered  protective  gowns  has  been  viewed  hundreds  of  thousands  of  times  on  Facebook  and  Twitter  alongside  a  claim  that  the  garments  were  made  in  China.
For  a  month  we've  been  tracking  probable  and  confirmed  deaths  separately  on  out  backend  and  should  have  those  columns  public  soon.  We  had  hoped  to  have  these  columns  public  sooner  but  it's  turned  out  to  be  extremely  difficult  to  do  right.
As  of  today  there  are  a  total  of  1339  approved  labs  for  testing.  These  consist  of  911  Govt  &amp;  428  Pvt  labs:  
Says  theres  an  800  number  you  can  call  to  track  the  status  of  your  stimulus  check.
The  Indian  Army  in  Rajasthan  prepared  a  1000-bed  facility  to  keep  Coronavirus  patients.  This  facility  has  ICUs  and  ventilators  as  well.
In  the  last  14  days  we  raised  our  testing  capacity  to  1500  tests  per  day.  Lagos  &amp;  Abuja  now  have  capacity  to  admit  some  1000  patients  each  across  several  treatment  centres.  As  a  nation  we  are  on  the  right  track  to  win  the  fight  against  on  
State-wise  details  of  Total  Confirmed  cases(till  12  September  2020  08:00  AM)  States  with  1-15000  confirmed  cases  States  with  15001-100000  confirmed  cases  States  with  100000+  confirmed  cases  Total  no.  of  confirmed  cases  so  far  
Even  though  todays  update  is  missing  data  from  six  states  there  were  more  new  cases  today  than  in  any  day  of  the  pandemic  before  June  25.  In  better  news  more  test  results  were  reported  today  than  any  day  before  July  2.
Boris  Johnson  must  act  now  -  not  next  week  -  to  tackle  a  second  wave  of  infections  across  the  UK  a  leading  scientist  has  warned  
The  total  recoveries  in  India  have  crossed  29  lakh  (2901908)  as  of  today.  Last  10  lakh  recoveries  have  been  recorded  in  only  17  days  in  comparison  to  preceding  10  lakh  recoveries  which  were  recorded  in  22  days.  
Weed  kills  the  coronavirus.
Its  the  last  day  of  July  which  has  seen  a  staggering  resurgence  of  COVID-19  in  America.  Its  the  worst  month  ever  for  cases  and  the  average  number  of  hospitalized  people.  And  unsurprisingly  after  declining  since  April  deaths  rose  this  month.  
Five  states  which  account  for  approx  70%  of  total  deaths  in  the  country  are  Maharashtra  Tamil  Nadu  Karnataka  Uttar  Pradesh  &amp;  Andhra  Pradesh.  Rest  31.37%  deaths  are  from  other  States/UTs:  Secretary  
India  continues  to  scale  new  peaks  in  tests!  More  than  11.70  lakh  samples  tested  daily  for  2  consecutive  days.  No  other  country  has  achieved  these  levels  of  very  high  daily  testing.  
Coronavirus  and  protests  may  push  black  communities  in  the  US  to  the  brink.  via  
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Weve  now  tracked  21  million  tests  up  433k  from  yesterday.  Note  that  we  can  only  track  tests  that  a  state  reports.  For  details  see:  
The  Vatican  confirmed  that  Pope  Francis  and  two  aides  tested  positive  for  coronavirus.
North  Carolina  &  Virginia  State  line  is  closed.  Nothing  in  or  out."
17  states  reported  at  least  1000  cases  today.  Its  possible  that  this  reflects  some  storm-induced  reporting  backlog.  
Today  there  are  again  two  people  in  hospital  with  COVID-19  one  each  in  Middlemore  and  North  Shore  hospitals.  Neither  is  in  ICU.
Image  and  statement  from  the  Prime  Minister  of  Italy.
A  video  has  been  viewed  hundreds  of  thousands  of  times  in  multiple  Facebook  posts  which  claim  it  shows  two  Italian  doctors  who  contracted  novel  coronavirus  which  causes  the  disease  COVID-19  while  treating  patients.
All  the  reasons  minority  populations  are  at  higher  risk  for  coronavirus.  via  
Increase  in  confirmed  cases  of  is  as  a  result  of  scale  up  in  our  testing  capacity  as  well  as  early  signs  of  community  transmission.  Door  to  door  testing  is  now  taking  place  in  some  communities  in  Lagos  &amp;  the  FCT~  Boss  Mustafa  Secretary  to  
Test  patientsvitamin  D  levels  to  improve  immunoresponse  to  
It  is  here  to  stay  until  we  get  a  vaccine  and  therefore  it  is  right  that  we  continue  to  grow  capacity  within  the  system.Home  secretary  explains  that  the  government  is  continuing  to  grow  testing  capacity.  
20  million  Chinese  people  convert  to  Islam  after  learning  that  COVID-19  doesn't  affect  muslims.
Coronavirus:  Four  more  Welsh  counties  face  local  lockdown  after  'worrying  and  rapid  rise'  in  infections  
More  than  6  lakh  tests  done  for  3rd  successive  day.  Cumulative  testing  as  on  date  has  reached  22149351.  Tests  Per  Million  (TPM)  cross  16000.
WA  also  a  usable  example  simply  because  the  data  is  gloriously  solid  relatively  speaking.  (OTOH  one  other  shade  to  this  data:  they  hit  a  testing  wall  which  might  be  part  of  the  flatter  trend.  Happy  to  discuss  if  you  are  interested.)  -
Kylie  Minogue  says  shes  convinced  coronavirus  will  turn  out  to  be  Russias  doing  
The  most  frequently  disrupted  areas  due  to  include:  -routine  immunization  -NCD  diagnosis  &amp;  treatment  -family  planning  &amp;  contraception  -treatment  for  mental  health  disorders  -diagnosis  &amp;  treatment  -malaria  diagnosis  &amp;  treatment  
That  is  to  say  it  might  look  like  the  plateau  is  over  but  if  you  back  out  California  we're  probably  about  where  we  were  before  except  the  April  average  is  now  155k  instead  of  145k.  
affects  us  all  and  it  will  take  all  of  us  working  together  to  stop  it.  Together  we  are  stronger  and  can  achieve
Highest  ever  56383  recoveries  and  8.3  lakh  tests  conducted  in  a  single  day  More  than  3  crore  N95  Masks  1.28  crore  P
Almost  two  thousand  people  have  died  already  in  the  United  States  according  to  our  tracking.  435  new  deaths  were  reported  in  the  last  24  hours.
Coronavirus:  Number  of  UK  cases  rises  by  3330  
For  six  weeks  we've  been  tracking  COVID  race  and  ethnicity  data.  Not  all  states  report  all  the  data  but  we  know  this:  At  a  minimum  21750  Black  lives  have  been  lost.  And  just  look  at  the  counties  with  the  highest  death  rates.  
Five  new  cases  of  have  been  reported  as  follows:  2  in  Lagos  2  in  Kwara  1  in  Katsina  As  at  09:10  pm  12th  April  there  are  323  confirmed  cases  of  reported  in  Nigeria.  85  have  been  discharged  with  10  deaths  There  are  19  states  with  confirmed  cases  in  Nigeria  
An  image  of  the  Argentinian  President  Alberto  Fernndez  with  officials  during  the  pandemic  without  masks  and  without  respecting  social  distancing.
A  text  saying  that  civil  registry  data  proves  that  the  pandemic  is  an  invention.  All  the  numbers  are  significantly  lower  than  those  published  by  the  Brazilian  Ministry  of  Health.
Dr  Uma  Kumar  of  AIIMS  gave  the  interview  as  shown  in  the  video  on  coronavirus.
When  a  police  officer  enforced  lockdown  orders  on  people  in  a  temple  in  India  he  was  beaten  up  there.
Tom  Hanks  To  Star  In  The  Most  Challenging  Role  Of  His  Career  
Just  got  another  question  about  this.  The  Google  API  does  not  surreptitiously  install  COVIDSafe  on  your  phone.  Governments
There  are  nine  people  with  COVID-19  in  hospitals  -  two  in  Auckland  City  Hospital  four  people  in  Middlemore  two  people  in  North  Shore  Hospital  and  one  person  in  Waikato  Hospital.  Six  people  are  stable  on  a  ward  and  three  people  in  Middlemore  are  in  ICU.
On  education,  Maharashtra  was  on  the  17th  rank  in  the  country  five  years  ago.  Today,  the  state  stands  at  3rd  after  Fadnavis  Ji's  regime,Nadda  said,  at  a  BJP  rally  in  Navi  Mumbai  on  February  16,  2020.
What  concerns  do  you  have  as  your  state  or  country  attempts  to  reopen?  If  you  are  in  a  state  that  is  relaxing  stay  at  home  measures  use  to  share  your  thoughts.
It  puts  the  facemask  on  the  skin,  or  it  gets  the  lockdown  again    Get  yours  HERE  &gt;&gt;&gt;  
Delhi  recovery  rate  on  the  verge  of  touching  90%  ...  this  portrays  a  bright  picture  with  respect  to  where  we  stood  at  the  beginning  of  last  month!!!  Reassuring  sight  for  every  Delhiite  
Claim:  India  began  screening  passengers  from  countries  before  it  had  a  single  case:  PM  Modi  Fact:  The  govt  mandated  universal  screening  of  all  internat'l  flights  only  on  March  4  by  when  27  cases  had  been  detected  across  5  Indian  states  
The  latest  CDC  report  shows  the  percentage  of  visits  to  doctors  offices  and  ERs  for  illnesses  likely  related  to  are  declining  nationally  likely  in  part  a  result  of  widespread  efforts  to  slow  the  spread  of  
Video  shows  Gujarat  Police  asking  money  (bribe)  from  migrants  walking  on  railway  tracks  amidst  nationwide  COVID-19  lockdown.
While  the  number  of  tests  have  increased  exponentially  there  is  a  steady  decline  in  the  positivity  rate:  Secretary  
United  Ireland  Plans  Cancelled  Indefinitely  As  N.  Ireland  Corona  Case  Confirmed  
Mayan  High  Priest  Hokum  Revises  Coronavirus  Doomsday  Prediction  
These  numbers  are  a  lower  bound  for  a  few  reasons:  1.  We  are  still  waiting  on  accurate  negative  test  counts  from  CA  MA  GA  and  TX  among  other  states.  2.  Commercial  labs  only  report  positive  results  to  the  states.
NEWS!  Coronavirus  showrunner  wants  to  recast  Boris  Johnson  
Says  video  shows  the  Chinese  are  destroying  the  5G  poles  as  they  are  aware  that  it  is  the  thing  triggering  the  corona  symptoms.
NEWS!  Country  that  has  lost  140,000  people  to  Coronavirus  feeling  reassured  that  President  has  a  regular  bean  supplier  
The  cloth  face  coverings  recommended  to  slow  spread  of  are  not  surgical  masks  or  N-95  respirators.  Those  critical  supplies  must  continue  to  be  reserved  for  healthcare  workers  and  other  medical  first  responders  as  recommended  by  current  CDC  guidance.
Mayor  of  El  Espinal  Colombia  bought  false  tests  for  COVID-19.
Just  in  case  you  are  wondering  how  much  the  media  controls  people,  America  has  been  vaccinating  cattle  for  coronavirus  for  years,  yet  the  news  tells  you  its  new  and  gunna  kill  you  all  so  go  buy  mask.
Autopsies  prove  that  COVID-19  isa  blood  clot,  not  pneumonia,  and  ought  to  be  fought  with  antibioticsand  the  whole  world  has  been  wrong  in  treating  the  so-calledpandemic.
As  of  26th  July  2020  three  districts  with  the  highest  active  cases  in  are:  48180  36174  22536  
More  than  100  Nurses  in  Jhalawar  (Rajasthan  India)  resigned  due  to  COVID-19  infected  Jamaatis  mistreating  them.
We  wanted  to  know  if  there  was  any  science  to  back  up  those  "contagion  probability"  photos.  Wearing  a  mask  is  likely  to  interfere  with  the  spread  of  COVID-19.  But  the  exact  percentages  in  this  social  media  image  dont  hold  up  to  scrutiny.  
In  Italy,  the  cure  for  Coronavirus  is  finally  found.
The  fight  against  Covid  takes  warriors.  Each  and  every  one  of  us  are  warriors  against  this  virus  so  make  sure  youre  fighting  it  the  right  way.  Wash  your  hands.  Wear  a  mask.  We  can  beat  this.
The  "proper"  way  to  wear  a  surgical  mask  is  blue  side  out  if  you  are  sick  and  white  side  out  if  you  do  not  want  to  be  infected  by  the  virus.
Our  daily  update  is  published.  Weve  now  tracked  more  than  2665906  tests  up  137k  from  yesterday.  The  new  plateau  continues.  Note  that  we  can  only  track  tests  that  a  state  reports.  And  not  all  states  report  all  tests.  For  details  see:  
Singapore's  Health  ministry  issued  an  advisory  about  the  day-to-day  progression  of  COVID-19  symptoms  in  patients  during  the  first  nine  days  of  infection.
Former  Rep.  Trey  Gowdy  wrote  essay  past  on  social  media  claiming  the  COVID-19  pandemic  was  planned  to  help  Democrats  in  the  2020  election.
